Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
The punishment of every disordered mind is its own disorder.
Self-observation is the first step of inner unfolding.
I hope you see what you've done to me.
She was terrified of everything, and terrified to show it.
You are the biggest enemy of your own sleep.
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of contemporary ambition.
Silence is a lie that screams at the light.
If ever I was running, it was towards you.
It ain't no use putting up your umbrella till it rains!
I feel like I'm the one made out of paper.
The antidote to joy is dread.
Just as anxiety can feed on itself, so can courage.
It is that which we cannot control which dominates us.
Hopes Kills Anxiety.
We get anxious more with imaginations than actuality.
So much of anxiety was anxiety about having anxiety.
Art is a rebellion against fate.
Security breeds insecurity, independence breeds discovery.
Future is a figment of your imagination.
Her anti-anxiety medication was making her anxious
I control you, he said to his fear, you do not control me.
STAY POSITIVE (your body hears everything you think)
Even on a bedThat is full of roses,I was afraid.
My fear extends into the stars Don't you know I never will
A diet of solely mental work is suffocating.
A deep rooted strength is the result of a difficult journey.
I am homesick for the time when my heart was whole
Dread is anxiety on steroids.
Can anxious thought add a single day to your life?
Meditation is massage for the mind.
Don’t worry about things you can’t control.
Is stress inflicted on you — or created by you?
Chaos of the mind is inevitable but control is possible.
But my walls were so high for a coward to climb …
Tomorrow’s worries contaminate the present.
Being authentically you is an act of social justice.
Pressure is God's way of increasing your capacity.
Education is directly proportional to anxiety . . .
In life you can't move forward looking back
Man’s condition. Inconstancy, boredom, anxiety.
What worries you masters you.
The most difficult battle is peace.
Is this stress I’m feeling mine, or someone else’s?
Sometimes we have to fall apart to see the pieces
Always thinking is as tragic as never thinking.
Satisfaction is also a matter of sacrifice
People who are afraid, only understand anxiety.
Your mental health is more important than everything.
...from sweaty-palmed anxiety blooms vivid imagination.
My mind disappears behind desperate terror.
...anxiety was, for her, a form of prayer.
Man will worry of things he is not sure about.
Remember, panic’s a guy, and we just punch him in the face.
Calm down, heart. Please.
What we do is dictated by what we are doing.
Worry leads to weariness.
Allow your mind to be still and rest in His presence.
The doubt crept in like the rain
You won't stress over it unless you care.
Well, this has been some shit.
Love may be blind but jealousy has 20-20 vision.
Denial is the way people handle what they cannot handle.
There are a world of answers, outside the loop.
I want the world, I think. Even if it scares me.
Fear could move mountains if fear only tried.
A healthy amount of fear and respect might be a good idea
The burden of my anxiety is not my child's.
The way out is never through yourself.
Rapid movement was a relief in the midst of so much feeling.
Wealth seldom fails to breed the fear of poverty.
Everyone has scars, they just aren’t as visible as yours.
Anxiety is the price tag on human freedom
An anxious heart is like a string that's out of tune.
I'm trapped behind a wall of fear and fear itself.
Stop looking back when your future is ahead of you
Fear of Death Stops You to Live
Anxiety is the monster that resides within.
Horses get anxious when their expectations are not met.
There is nothing humble about this woman.
To accept a little death is worse than death itself.
She was too well-trained to panic.
I wished that I had some other guardian of minor abilities.
That's the thing about anxiety: It's a real time suck.
Unbelief is a master carpenter at cross-making.
Many problems can be solved by a man not frightened by them.
Delay is as dangerous as the wrong answer.
Reputation became the pirates' sharpest sword.
I used mental illness as a springboard to rest of my life.
We will have to work hard to rest.
Politics is always driven by competing worries.
I will not allow anxiety dictate the terms of my life
He had to pause for his usual misgivings.
Enormity of the stakes became the new self-hypnosis.
He is now judging himself, harshly, by his captors' rules.
You can't bluff an old theologian. Linus
The Admiral so regrets failure, he cannot THINK of success.
Cried myself to sleep-woke up crying…
You have to let go before you can reach.
Faith enables you to hold on loosely without letting go.
God’s has limitless resources to meet all your needs.
A man without fear cannot be a slave.
But all remains unchanged.
If you smell fear - bite on it; it can't bite back.
And if she had appeared, would I have dared to speak to her?
My duty is to pray. I know God hears my prayers.
A finger beckons. My choice is to turn away. It is a mistake.
Do not fear, for I am with you.
Happiness lies in simplicity. Complexity brings anxiety.
We were made to be distracted by life, by story.
The answer to anxiety is always to exalt Christ.
If fretting was an Olympic sport, I’d own the gold medal
I write letters to you that you’ll never see.
You haunt my days and dreams.
The Fall will always be yours and mine…
Time' is the most threatening four letter word.
Vulnerability + Action + Positive Thinking = Courage
Mark felt eyes on him as tight as a sniper's aim.
I feel like a paper cut just waiting to bleed.
Panic is something that good operations officers plan for.
If you're stressing over happiness, you're doing it wrong!
You can tell a lot about a society by what it fears.
Things work out the way they're supposed to.
it does seemthe more we drinkthe better the wordsgo.
She was a mind floating in an ocean of confusion.
While doubt cannot be expelled, it can be subdued.
Sustained negative flashbacks can stir a heart attack.
Worry is a dividend paid to disaster before it is due.
I felt so skinless at times! Things hit me so hard!
Dying is more terrifying than actual death.
We can't be in survival mode. We have to be in growth mode.
Your path might be a lonely one... but, you are NOT alone!
Stop stressin' and be a blessin'.
Never miss a party...good for the nerves--like celery.
A small step toward recovery is giant progress.
Carry the confidence.
Novelty is a new kind of loneliness.
Do you remember what I forgot?