Be present in all things and thankful for all things.
We become aware of the void as we fill it.
everything is ridiculous if one thinks of death
To experience what isn't, love what is.
Raise you awareness and share your uniqueness to the world.
Thoughts don't become things; thoughts ARE things.
Excuses are a promise of repetition.
If you don't like the solution, change the problem.
The language of light can only be decoded by the heart.
Awareness makes us emotionally brilliant.
Instinct's aware of reflex when mind ain't yet.
It's all in the reflexes.
Know your real Self, beyond who you think you are.
Happiness is the meaning and goal of life.
Sometimes the meaning in life hits you like a meteorite.
All moments deprived of awareness are unlived moments!
You reap that which you speak to be so.
Do you need to know that you are happy to be happy?
Thoughts are a way of concealing the truth.
healthiness and happiness are dependent on each other
A good book writes the author
Nothing that is perfect can be taught
When you have no one to help, your helpless.
Everything is invaluable
Simple awareness is the seed of responsibility.
Greatness isn't found in your comfort zone.
Your challenges have been designed especially for you.
Leadership is an inside job before it is about others.
Success is not a goal. It's a choice.
Self-awareness without personal judgment becomes mastery.
How you do the little things is how you do everything.
Sequential instructions give rise to logical experiences.
Your choices will determine the direction of your life!
Ludens was continually aware of his father's distress.
Humanity will be free when it realizes it is Love itself.
Be aware of being the awareness.
Imperfect action beats perfect planning.
You aren't aware your clothes are getting wet in the rain.
Love is the dream of the planet as it moves towards reality.
Within the seed of expectation lies the promise of creation.
Prolonged injustice is not recommended.
Observation is awakening to revelation of life!
Only the Self is.
What you think I think of you is what you think of yourself
Just because we should know better doesn't mean we do.
When we go closer to the divine, bliss is growing.
Don't be a character in the story. Be the author.
Once we know, we’re empowered.
I don't have to think, therefore I am.
When we change our perspective, we change our perception.
No "evidence" beats a good anecdote!
An opinion is a poor substitute for understanding.
I am surrounded with molecules.
You are the silence between. Take pause. Listen. Listen.
The Matrix is everywhere-except in deep sleep.
Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come
Awareness is simply seeing without trying to see the end.
Humility comes through awareness of the depths of yourself.
Remain open, aware, and present.
There is a wisdom, a sort of grace, in just noticing things.
Awareness has infinite gradations, like light.
It’s all become so beautifully strange.
To be a spiritual teacher is the call of compassion.
Emotions are data, they are not directives
No one notices the obvious so the obvious is the unknown.
You can’t use your mind to understand your own mind.
I am higher consciousness.
Remember that you own what happened to you.
Alert presence is the garden of personal growth.
All growth is essentially an expansion of awareness.
My eyes opened, when I closed my eyes.
There is a measure of drama in every transformation.
For it to be useful, awareness must lead to action.
Be the dolphin! 
Whatever you seek is within you!
Work while you have strength.
Who am I? The great inquiry indeed.
Beauty is everywhere you look, but you have to look.
Being hypnotized by content is a disease.
Don't respond when the mind snaps its fingers.
We awaken by asking the right questions.
Your Hands And Feet Gets Your MindTo Where It Wants To Be!
Practice bravery every day and the self-worth will come.
It is fatal to forget the past.
Drama don't arrive by surprise; it is summoned, undisguised.
Nothing that the Creator gave is of unworthiness.
You have to bring awareness to the society
Find your bones. Believe in what you are.
Surrendering is not giving up--it is gaining strength.
Forgiveness is a skill gained by those willing to change.
Control is an illusion that you must give up.
To greet the present is to part with the past and future.
You must live a life of self-consciousness always
A spark of every fire we seek is already within us.
What Is A Belief?
Keep Calm and Find Your Zen-ity
Tweet others the way you want to be tweeted.
Tweet others the way you want to want to be tweeted.
We exist only to exist.
Nothing threatens a corrupt system like a free mind.
Awareness brings its sacred wonders.
Every journey towards change begins with awareness.
Vibrate higher daily.
When you are here, God is near.
The goal of meditation is awareness, not relaxation.
The only path wide enough for us all is love.
The less human you feel, the more human you become.
Cease distracting your mind of things with little substance.
You are the proof of everything
An aware heart is a grateful heart.
Your tongue may speak lies, but your eyes know the truth.
Grace calls us back to nonduality
Awareness is absence of seaking.
Awareness is learning implemented.
Knowledge is strength. Ignorance is the kiss of death.
They've Already Won (the modern day crusade)
Love awakens the soul.
Life is delicious. Waste not one bite!
Awareness is the first step in rewriting old stories.
There are things you need to know that you already know.
The wind plays its own music.
Hollywood shines by virtue of light within.
Most of the time, your body is way ahead of your mind.
The slightest awareness of ‘my-ness’ is indeed egoism.
All you need to get by in this world is the memory of love
Music is a writer's heartbeat.
To understand and be understood is to be at peace
We encounter truth within.
Gratitude is the gateway to a positive life.
That which is cool is driven by the soul.
Love fills the infinite.
Seeked of self love.
You heard me cry long before I knew my voice.
All uniquely defines itself.
Be the energy you want others to absorb.
Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.
Every day, live in a way that honors who you are.
Life is beauty simply breathing.
Peace is when we look upon the world together.
When is now.
A good friend is a healing friend.
Love is alive when there's music in your heart.
Love is written by the soul.
Is every writer's keyboard a spill magnet?
Awareness of your shortcomings is a strengthening process.
And like the sun, I will always rise.
Her words are her wings. She's flying.
Beauty is the manifestation of love.
Love is the only reason that is reason enough
Film gives us a second chance at a first impression.
Wonderment shared is doubled. Love shared is infinite.
Be one with yourself and revel in eternal bliss.
Kind words change the world.
Life is magic.
Be still in peace and reach your highest peak.
Beauty is a heart with wings.
The best writing speaks when the heart whispers.
Drizzle happiness wherever you go.
Happiness is individualized. Don't box it in. Let it fly.
Her words dance on the page.
Only when people are aware will they start to care.
You do not have to be religious to be spiritual and moral.
Hold on to your heart and life will give you wings.
Walk into the unknown with what you know in your heart.
Gratefulness heightens awareness.
Crying cleanses the soul.
The flower doth not worry, and the tree doth not waver.
Your life is a story. Write the one you want to read.
Be a burst of joy.
Love is the answer.
Intuition is truth.
When does complete awareness occur? When the ego departs.
Your heart is your temple.
When you are the problem, it's hard to see it.
Love makes you feel at home in existence.
Remove the fear and recover your finite self.
The closest thing to perfection is imperfection
Learn to love and you will learn to live.
It is in community where we find our very selves.
Success is all about falling in love with one idea!
Change your awareness and your perspective changes.
You can trust your gut instinct. Always.
God is the soul of the universe.
It's never crowded when you walk on your own path.
Liberation is the shift from 'What if?" to 'So what!
You have to learn to recognize your own depths.
You are the illusion, be anything you want to be!
Hope wins over experience every time.
What you feed in yourself that grows.
You must appreciate beauty for it to endure.
Beauty is wasted on the self-absorbed.
Awareness is not a prerequisite for change.
Change can only begin with awareness.
The Universe is alive, conscious, and aware.
His eyes touched lightly, and passed on.
Life follows a rhythm and we hold the drum.
Awareness without action is worthless.
All true teachings expand awareness, not limit it.
When we are, love is not. When we are not, love is.
The fragrance of meditation is enlightenment.