Mankind is the only creature who refuses to be what she is.
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?
Live to the point of tears.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
At the heart of all beauty lies something inhuman.
I do not believe in God and I am not an atheist.
Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.
People hasten to judge in order not to be judged themselves.
There is not love of life without despair about life.
Seeking what is true is not seeking what is desirable.
If something is going to happen to me, I want to be there.
There is scarcely any passion without struggle.
I rebel; therefore I exist.
What is a rebel? A person who says no.
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
Idleness is fatal only to the mediocre.
Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.
We are all special cases.
I know simply that the sky will last longer than I.
Mother died today. Or maybe yesterday; I can't be sure.
Peace is the only battle worth waging.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
The need to be right - the sign of a vulgar mind.
After awhile you could get used to anything.
Integrity has no need of rules.
It is better to burn than to disappear.
...the habit of despair is worse than despair itself.
We are all born mad, some remain so
Rebellion cannot exist without a strange form of love.
We have to live and let live in order to create what we are.
But above all, in order to be, never try to seem.
But what does it mean, the plague? It's life, that's all.
To feel absolutely right is the beginning of the end.
I had the whole sky in my eyes and it was blue and gold.
Art and revolt will die only with the last man.
We're going forward, but nothing changes.
The absurd is lucid reason noting its limits.
Existence is illusory and it is eternal.
There are more things to admire in men than to despise.
To create is to live twice.
Everything is true, and nothing is true!
To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing.
Empires and churches are born under the sun of death.
Rule: Start by looking for what is valid in every man.
Liberty is the right not to lie.
The real 19th century prophet was Dostoevsky, not Karl Marx.
Here lives a free man. Nobody serves him.
On good days, if you trust life, life has to answer you.
The welfare of humanity is always the alibi of tyrants.
The loves we share with a city are often secret loves.
A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.
For ever, I shall be a stranger to myself.
The act of love is a confession.
Still, obviously, one can't be sensible all the time.
There is no frontier between being and appearing.
Independence is earned by a few words of cheap confidence
There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn.
I rebel — therefore we exist
A true masterpiece does not tell everything.
I hope the dogs don't bark tonight. I always think it's mine
With rebellion, awareness is born
life is a story and god is author.life is absurd.I think so.
Yes, I'm happy, in human terms.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
It is immoral not to tell.
Youth is above all a collection of possibilities.
Some are created to love, while the others - to live.
A loveless world is a dead world.
If the world were clear, art would not exist.
Mother died today. Or maybe yesterday, I don't know.
Men die; and they are not happy
There is so much sttuborn hope in a human heart.
There is something divine in mindless beauty.
But this time is ours, and we cannot live hating ourselves
That's all for today, Monsieur Antichrist.
Come here, image.
Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined.
what doesn't kill you make you stronger and stronger
There is only one class of men, the privileged class.
There is always a philosophy for lack of courage
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Finally, and most of all, words failed him.
Am I happy or unhappy? It’s not a very important question.
It is forbidden to spit on cats in plague-time.
If it were sufficent to love, things would be too easy.
There is nothing more despicable than respect based on fear.
Don't let them tell us stories
Having money is a way of being free of money
Give up the tyranny of female charm.
When a conscious being appeared, the world went blank.
My moral code is no more or less than my likes and dislikes.
Fate is not in woman but around her.
A life, whose purpose is money, is death.
That’s why I like you so much. Your heart isn’t dead.
Well, Mr. Antichrist, that’s all for the present!
One grows out of pity when it's useless.
there are truths but no truth
I have never seen anyone die for the ontological argument.
there are truths but no truth.
Poverty is a fortress without drawbridges.
Maybe Christ died for somebody but not for me.
There are accidents that last the whole life.
Solitude must be accepted with all its difficulties.
Is one to die voluntarily or to hope in spite of everything?
In the long run one gets used to anything.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Happiness is often only a pity for one's own misfortune.
Please stop trifling.
I’ve seen a lot of beautiful things with a heavy heart.
We are not certain, we are never certain.
Start by looking for what is valid in every human being.
as long as you are alive your case is doubtful
It may be shameful to be happy by oneself.
a small room that smelled of darkness.
...luck is not to be coerced.
Maman died today. Or yesterday maybe, I don't know.
The act of love, for instance, is a confession.
But memory is less disposed to compromise
The most destitute men often end up by accepting illusion.
We must live and let live in order to create what we are.
Living is keeping the absurd alive.
I like the night and the sky better than the gods of men.
Culture: the cry of men in face of their destiny.
Every action today leads to murder, direct or indirect.
Even if the mind were not, its laws would be!
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
The anachronism is the worst thing to use at the theatre.
Love is injustice, but justice doesn't suffice.
It is easier to cut off heads than to have ideas.
Style, like poplin, all too often conceals eczema.
To be famous, in fact, one has to kill one's landlady.
You're never altogether unhappy.
There is more in Man to admire than there is to despise.
But everybody knows life isn't worth living.
There is no love of life without despair of life.
Don't wait for the Last Judgment--it takes place every day
The world is what it is, which is to say, nothing much.
Anyway, it hardly mattered; I already felt worlds away
I meet with my soulmate but she didn't.
The last pages of a book are already contained in the first.
Every excess decreases vitality and thus suffering.
[E]verything contributes to spreading confusion.
One must imagine that Sisyphus is happy.
A crown of kisses to the queen of dreams.
Poverty is a state whose feature is generosity.
Women naturally prefer their ideas to their sensations.
...everthing is true and nothing is true!
There is do much sttuborn hope in a human heart.
Stupidity has a knack for getting its way.
But everyone knows that life isn't really worth living.
Don't wait for the Last Judgment. It happens every day.
To-day the truth is a command
Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better.
Am fit. Always thinking of you. Love.
To-day the truth is a command.
A man with who one cannot reason is a man to be feared
Any authentic creation is a gift to the future
But crushing truths perish from being acknowledged.
What is a rebel? The one who says No.
Stupidity always carries doggedly on.
Men die:and they are not happy.
Life is the sum of all choices
To grow old is to move from passion to compassion.
Everything is true and yet nothing is true!
Justice in the big things only. For the rest, just mercy.
Stupidity has a knack of getting its way;
I rebel; therefore I exist
For the existentials negation is their God
without betraying any difference from the rest of us. In
Yes, plague, like abstraction, was monotonous;
Happiness and absurd are the sons of same earth
To say that life is absurd, the conscience must be alive.
after a while you could get used to anything.
An intellectual is someone who's mind watches itself.
The absurd does not liberate; it binds.
I’d been right, I was still right, I was always right.
Mother died today, or maybe yesterday. I can't be sure.
Words that come from the heart are always simple.
the ridiculous impression of being “one of the family.
To stay, or to make a move — it came to much the same.
It's common knowledge that life isn't worth living, anyhow.
vociferating optimism.
My heart talks about nothing but you.
Art is the distance that time gives to suffering
There can be no absurd outside the human mind.
He who, without negating it, does nothing for the eternal.
Yes, be patient with me. My heart is heavy.