Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
I obviously do everything to be "hard to understand" myself
Hope is a passion for the possible.
Ethics change with technology.
But for this book we could not know right from wrong.
Pleasure is Nature's test, her sign of approval.
Good and evil both increase at compound interest.
The faith of religion is belief on insufficient evidence.
Ethics are so annoying. I avoid them on principle.
Disgust is so reassuring; it feels like a moral proof.
Just because something isn’t good doesn’t mean it’s bad.
What men do matters more than what they know.
Immorality sanctified by tradition is still immorality.
You honor yourself by acting with dignity and composure.
Ethics is a skill
Sustainability before ambition. Okal Rel.
Without moral relativity, there is no ethics
Culture and ethics bind us as a family.
Ethics might be optional, but the consequences are not.
Denial is a request to Creation for a more dramatic lesson.
We cannot force people to be intelligent, ethical or wise.
A man’s conscience may tell him to do the vilest things.
You love your work when your work is with people you love.
Starve your distractions, feed your focus.
Moral is doing the wrong and Ethics is doing the right
Using others is a sin.Why should I wishto use another?
Morality is made for man, not man for morality.
The eighth deadly sin is lies that harm.
When you repay evil with evil, you become evil.
As long as we have inequality we can never have peace.
All bastards take care of the poor.
The police do a great job of shafting the general public.
Goodness is both an ethical and an esthetic standard.
Do you prefer being judged by your morals or by ethics?
One can with but moderate possessions do what one ought.
Angling is a sport, so sporting ethics should apply.
Tweet others the way you want to be tweeted.
An educated, healthy & confident nation is harder to govern
Tweet others the way you want to want to be tweeted.
Any man who neglects his conscience is a dangerous animal.
You are responsible for everything you TWEET and RETWEET.
Never underestimate the power of a tweet.
The Bible will guide you. It will be a light unto your path.
Good, then, is indefinable....
For though men be ignorant, yet they are men
What need does the earth have of us?
It is better to be polite than rude.
All a man can betray is his conscience.
Even the richest of brands are robbed by poor character.
Politics exists in every organization, We can not deny
Peace is a process - a way of solving problems.
Pleasure is the Root of All Good
All lines are gray in the dark.
Better to quarrel with a friend than to support enemies.
Where there is desire, the means to fulfill it are endless.
Good philosophy is always hate speech to evil doers.
Face the complexity involved in making ethical choices.
Theology is a superstition—Humanity a religion.
There's great peace in surrendering to principles
It's Unfair to be fair,For Life is unfair
Swag is my ethic, s/o to my bitches
Everything good is good because of the love it contains.
Ethics is the triumph of freedom over facticity.
Life in a box was unbearable.How did humans stand it?
Innocence could be lost more than once after all.
One's interest or need does not annul other's right.
Without ethics, science would be cruelty.
I cannot kill someone, she thought.
The laws of men are not infallible.
Blessedness is not the reward of virtue, but virtue itself.