I exist, that is all, and I find it nauseating.
The stars up there at night are closer than you think.
Define the word exist, and you'll know whether God exists.
Let's not hate the existence of hatred.
Existing is occupation enough.
Aside from myself, there was no sign of me.
I'm one of my sensations.
All objects exist in a moment of time.
To be, or not to be: what a question!
Whatever begins to exist has a cause.
Life is a question asked by God about the way he exists.
Our existence deforms the universe. That's responsibility.
Just existing is where a lot of living happens.
Maps codify the miracle of existence.
Who will read these poems when the people are gone?
I was brought into this world without my will or efforts.
Every moment of our existence is a miracle.
Love is a prerequisite for existence.
One is for One is.
Will is nobler than truth
There is no such thing as a true madman.
Imagination is the weapon to fight off an impossibility.
Poetry is death and death is poetry.
We are; therefore I believe.
Mind is the subtle existence, existence is the grosser mind.
Earth is where Love makes landfall.
The miracle of existence, the wonder of it all.
Explore the eternity of existence.
The eternity of existence is the sacredness of faith.
The saving of our body would be at the expense of our soul.
The World and Life are one.
My reason for existence is my struggle to be a writer.
Your prescence in my life adds beauty to my existence!
I want to run my fingers through your existence.
Time existed before creation.
Explore the eternity of your existence.
Explore the eternity of your existence.
Seek the eternity of your existence.
We’re all just waiting for our moment to redeem ourselves.
Once there was, and one day there will be.
Capturing moments with a net of red butterflies.
This is bold--existing.
Everything is beautiful in its absurdity.
Sunday owes its existence to the other days in the week.
a waning moon isstill a mooneven when the wolves don't howl.
Could you exist just for the art of existence?
Philosophy loves it wild.
Liberation is an existential style.
To the North of my soul. To the South of my existence.
Some ideas take you on an existential elevator.
I exist for the art of existence.
I am at the end. I exist no more.
Love is the power that can change your entire existence.
History is most important to those without a past.
Everything in existence comes from time
I have always been born.
I am grateful for the grace of existence.
Better to exist without destiny, only to exist.
To live in the minds of others is to exist twice!
At least I find solace in searching.
A belief in violets isn't necessary for violets to exist.
Who am I? The great inquiry indeed.
If what you want does not exist, why not create it?
I am because I am not 'I' - the EGO.
The fish don't need to know why they're in the water.
The earth keeps turning but it never says why.
Consume life before it spoils.
I don`t believe on them…but I am positive they exist.
I live by four simple words. Love. Being. Here. Now.
Isn't Existence is the only thing that make us feel as ONE.
The whole duty of our existence is fear God.
Human existence is as a result of the product of time
Nature is sound in many forms and states of existence.
I wasn't living, just existing.
I want to be seen. I want proof I existed.
If safety is my goal, living life is not.
Your inner “I” somehow knows the purpose of your existence
Everyone has his own purpose of existence
Always find purpose in your existence
Evolution is the reverberation of God's creative voice.
We exist only to exist.
Happiness is the primary goal of human existence.
The question of being is the darkest in all philosophy.
Embrace the sacredness of existence.
Enjoy the time of existence.
Explore the beauty of existence.
No declaration changes the existence of God
For you to exist on earth, downplay on the religious factor.
You know who you are. You have always been other.
God’s existence is reaffirmed once we fall in with another.
What are you willing to lay down so you can stand up?
Put in the work. Reap the rewards
This too shall pass.
The dream is free - to live it requires HUSTLE.
The Human Being, as we imagine it, does not exist.
We cannot exist without water.
She falls in love because she doesn't want to.
When I am, you are not.
Everything is possible, but where can I find everything?!
Everything existed at God’s command.
Grace is gladness of existence.
My poems - they sprang from the depths of my being.
All that exists is the present moment
Spirituality is the strength of existence.
The moment of existence is miraculous.
I feel therefore I am.
Every living soul is given the grace of existence.
Be glad for the sacred breath.
Follow your heart. It will lead you to where you need to be.
I think of you, therefore I exist.
Love is a promise existence makes with us.
Look! Why want anything more marvellous than what is.
There was existence in oblivion; there is you in oblivion.
Live your life to fullness of your sacred existence.
Love makes you feel at home in existence.
By the power of God, everything came into existence.
Life is existence with meaning
Love is the beauty of being.
we came naked into the world and we will exit naked.
Is it all just a psychotic dream? What is life?
Love is divine force of existence.
Passionate living is the joy of existence.
Love brings you closer to yourself
Exist with me. We'd do so beautifully.
Only knowledge can turn life's unbearableness into a weapon.
Your reality is a reflection of yourself
When I doubt that I exist, I pinch myself.
Exist outside but live and rest within...
Without hope we fail to exist.
Bury me where I die.
Each day of your existence ready’s itself for your impact
Tomorrow is like infinity,it doesn't really exist.
Creation of mankind, the power of God.
This is the world, he thought. And I am in it.
Universe doesn't even know that you exist, so relax!
What do you expect? This place is one big anti-climax.
Without thoughts the mind cannot exist only consciousness
Nature never remembers, that’s why she’s beautiful.
Life is always speaking to us at every moment.
The inner emptiness is the door to God.
Existence was not only absurd, it was plain hard work
Boredom slays more of existence than war.
Art is the refreshing source of existence.
Light and Dark: each was unaware that the other existed.
The fabric of existence weaves itself whole.
Sing the world into existence…..
Everyting is as it should be. So am I.
Your impact on others is the only proof of your existence
Existence has billions of doors, but death has none!
did time exist before we could count it
The unearthly arrogance of the nonexistence.
Madness is only an amplification of what you already are.
You are the illusion. The person in the mirror is real.
Reality cannot breathe without imagination.
Our heart is the door to allowing Existence to guide us.
If you believe in existence, you will refuse to be a hero!
We are candles, I remember thinking, and the wind is rising.