A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
I am a cage, in search of a bird.
I am free and that is why I am lost.
All language is but a poor translation.
Paths are made by walking.
Now I can look at you in peace; I don't eat you any more.
I usually solve problems by letting them devour me.
Love is, that you are the knife which I plunge into myself.
He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.
Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have.
I have spent all my life resisting the desire to end it.
They say ignorance is bliss. They are wrong 
In man's struggle against the world, bet on the world.
Love is a drama of contradictions.
First impressions are always unreliable.
Kill me, or you are a murderer.
What am I doing here in this endless winter?
You are free and that is why you are lost.
My guiding principle is this: guilt is never to be doubted.
God gives the nuts, but she does not crack them.
The limited circle is pure.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Evil is whatever distracts.
So eager are our people to obliterate the present.
I lack nothing. I only needed myself.
He was a tool of the boss, without brains or backbone.
Even the merest gesture is holy if it is filled with faith.
What's happened to me,' he thought. It was no dream.
Writing is prayer.
Go on caring for me.
I'm a cage, in search of a bird.
My "fear" is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
It's impossible to defend oneself in the absence of goodwill.
I only fear danger where I want to fear it.
No one can crave what truly harms him.
I carry the bars within me.
You misinterpret everything, even the silence.
You too have weapons.
There sat I, a faded being, under faded leaves.
Isolation is a way to know ourselves
What is written is merely the dregs of experience.
In a way, I was safe writing.
Illusions are more common than changes in fortune.
Deceptions are more frequent than changes.
What am I doing in this eternal winter?
In that case, I’ll miss the thing by waiting for it.
He is afraid the shame will outlive him.
Today one may pluck out one's very heart and not find it.
The meaning of life is that it ends.
If you come to me you will be leaping into the abyss.
You belong to me, even if I should never see you again.
Wherever I turn, the black wave rushes down on me.
Asking questions were the most important thing.