Entities should not be multiplied unnecessarily
We live in the best of all possible worlds.
The owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk.
One cannot step twice in the same river.
The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone.
Happiness is the highest good!
Transcendence constitutes selfhood.
Why are there beings at all, and why not rather nothing? That is the question.
The human being is not the lord of beings, but the shepherd of Being.
The possible ranks higher than the actual.
In everything well known something worthy of thought still lurks.
We do not "have" a body; rather, we "are" bodily.
What came first, the fruit-tree or the stone?
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
The tyrant dies and his rule is over; the martyr dies and his rule begins.
Irony is a qualification of subjectivity.
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it.
Someone in despair despairs over something, but only for a moment.
You cannot get the truth by capturing it, only by its capturing you.
A wise man's kingdom is his own breast.
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
The whole is a riddle, an aenigma, an inexplicable mystery.
Art may make a suit of clothes; but nature must produce a man.
A propensity to hope and joy is real riches.
I am a part of all that I have met.
No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell.
We ourselves are the entities to be analyzed.
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
Don’t fight the darkness.
Keep your eye on the doughnut, not on the hole.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
The most common form of despair is not being who you are.
What labels me, negates me.
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are.
It is impossible to exist without passion.
It is very important in life to know when your cue comes.
I stick my finger into existence and it smells of nothing.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
One cannot step twice in the same river.
What did you do as a child that made the hours pass like minutes?
Herein lies the key to your earthly pursuits.
When you are content to be simply yourself, everyone will respect you.
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn’t calculate his happiness.
Happiness consists in realizing it is all a great strange dream.
I have the true feeling of myself only when I am unbearably unhappy.
If you look for perfection, you’ll never be content.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Love one another but make not a bond of love.
We were together. I forget the rest.
Love is friendship set to music.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are.
Become what you are.
What labels me, negates me.
What is important is to spread confusion, not eliminate it.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
Art is anything you can get away with.
I don’t believe in art. I believe in artists.
I’d tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.
All you have to do is write one true sentence. The truest sentence you know.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Nobody is smarter than you are. And what if they are?
I must find a truth that is true for me.
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.
Truth, she thought. As terrible as death. But harder to find.
I don’t believe anything, but I have many suspicions.
The struggle between ‘for’ and ‘against’ is the mind’s worst disease.
The only truth is music.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing.
When you are Angry, Be Silent.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
The world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places.
Because you are alive, everything is possible.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do.
You could not step twice into the same river.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes.
Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, join the dance.
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect.
Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free.
Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
You can feel an emotion; just don’t think that it’s so important.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.
The instant you speak about a thing, you miss the mark.
You must let what happens happen.
Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, foolish and wise.
Worry is preposterous; we don’t know enough to worry.
If you understand, things are just as they are.
The longer I live, the more uninformed I feel.
Only the young have an explanation for everything.
Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers.
He who does not answer the questions has passed the test.
The frog in the pond knows little of the great ocean.
Astonishment is the proper response to reality.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Life is for the living. Death is for the dead.
Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.
As I have not worried to be born, I do not worry to die.
Nobody owns life, but anyone who can pick up a frying pan owns death.
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free.
Nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don’t be sorry.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
Trees are sanctuaries. Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
We are perishing for want of wonder, not for want of wonders.
We can never sneer at the stars, mock the dawn, or scoff at the totality of being.
The only completely consistent people are the dead.
A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
The earth has music for those who listen.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, it is the rule.
Our planet is the mental institution of the universe.
Genius is the recovery of childhood at will.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, fame is nothing.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
In reality there are as many religions as there are individuals.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
Right or wrong, it’s very pleasant to break something from time to time.
There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew.
Dear future generations: Please accept our apologies.
Immorality, no less than morality, has at all times found support in religion.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.
One has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws.
He who loves the world as his body may be entrusted with the empire.
Protest beyond the law is not a departure from democracy; it is absolutely essential to it.
We live in a world where there is more and more information, and less and less meaning.
If you don’t have a strategy, you’re part of someone else’s strategy.
Americans may have no identity, but they do have wonderful teeth.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
Most of our ancestors were not perfect ladies and gentlemen.
The majority of them weren’t even mammals.
I don’t necessarily agree with everything that I say.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.
I’ve often lost myself, in order to find the burn that keeps everything awake
The menu is not the meal.
Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers.
