If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.
Freedom is what we do with what is done to us.
Better to die on one's feet than to live on one's knees.
We are our choices.
When the rich wage war it's the poor who die.
You are -- your life, and nothing else.
There may be more beautiful times, but this one is ours.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Words are loaded pistols.
Like all dreamers I confuse disenchantment with truth.
In love, one and one are one.
Smooth and smiling faces everywhere, but ruin in their eyes.
Man is nothing else but what he makes of himself.
I exist, that is all, and I find it nauseating.
Man is what he wills himself to be.
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
Existence is an imperfection.
Better a good journalist than a poor assassin.
Every word has consequences. Every silence, too.
Little flashes of sun on the surface of a cold, dark sea.
Nothingness lies coiled in the heart of being - like a worm.
Being is. Being is in-itself. Being is what it is.
It is only in our decisions that we are important.
I do not think, therefore I am a moustache.
Death is a continuation of my life without me.
I confused things with their names: that is belief.
Nothingness haunts Being.
An individual chooses and makes himself.
All men are Prophets or else God does not exist.
It is disgusting -- why must we have bodies?
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
We must act out passion before we can feel it.
What is there to fear in such a regular world?
We have so much difficulty imagining nothingness.
Emotion is first of all and in principle an accident.
The plight of modern man is that he is condemmed to be free.
Commitment is an act, not a word.
When you're alone, you're in bad company.
I had spent my time counterfeiting eternity.
If I were in their place, I’d fall over myself.
This, then, is the age of reason.
I am never any one of my attitudes, any one of my actions.
Celebrity, for me, equals hatred.
A right is nothing more than the other aspect of duty.
Nothingness carries being in its heart.
You are what you are not and are not what you are.
Freedom only gives you something to be sorry for.
One cannot hate a man more than one can love him.
The true sea is cold and black, full of animals.
I hate victims who respect their executioners.
You believe that you believe, but you don’t believe.