Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them.
What hath night to do with sleep?
I am terrified by this dark thing that sleeps in me.
I think insomnia is a sign that a person is interesting.
sleep is such a luxury, which i cant afford.
Death was a friend, and sleep was Death's brother.
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
Am I sleeping? Have I slept at all? This is insomnia.
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
Never waste any time you can spend sleeping.
The man was allergic to sleep.
Sleep did not honor me with it’s presence.
I had a dream about you last night... you were there.
Fatigue is the safest sleeping draught.
Was I asleep? Had I slept?
Would you ever sleep with me?
I'll never waste my dreams by falling asleep. Never again.
All I want is to sleep--to dream. Life is better in dreams.
Sleep: the stepchild of Death.
That deep, can-still-taste-her-in-my-mouth sleep.
I slept little, read a lot, and fell in love frequently.
The Testimony of the Suns”)
Both sleep and insomnolency, when immoderate, are bad.
Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting...
In every sound, the hidden silence sleeps.
she ran away in her sleep and dreamed of paradise
One afternoon, disgusted, bravo, you fall asleep.
We shall find renewal in rest.
Sleep, and your life's dreams will come true
I woke up in the morning and saw, the world has moved on.
The day after tomorrow, the day still sleeps.
I daresay you care more about sleep than entertainment,
Treasure this gift, be proud of the dream!
Sleep is a small death, Death is a long sleep.
A little bit of rest can go a long way.
Oh, sleep deprivation! A gift and a curse indeed!
Sleep, child, for the stars await you.
you can sleep on me anytime you want
A man's pillow is his best medicine
Best bed goes to the idle; best sleep goes to the tired.
A tough loser sleeps best.
Some adults usually sleep like a baby, but only literally.
Not being able to sleep is a nightmare.
Sleep apnea is the curse of high altitudes.
Sleep apnea is a plague in the western world.
Sleeping is underrated in this city.
Good sleep is vital to good mental health.
savages are made from broken love and trust.
savages are made of broken love and trust.
Sleep is often a form of escapism.
A fat white seed sleeps in the sky.
I don't know how to survive the hours until I can sleep.
It's two o'clock in the morning and I'm not sure I've slept.
A bed has a friendly and benign look: it wishes to be kind.
Sound sleep is the precursor of snoring.
May you dream of lovely things and to find them real.
Sleep in a room with ambient noise.
That very way an infant goes to sleep, an adult awakens.
Think about me at night just before you fall off to sleep.
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
the shorter your sleep, the shorter your life span 
Soon, I'd be home again. Soon, God willing, I'd be asleep.
The night too gave up but my eyes did not find sleep!
Sorrow can sometimes induce sleep.
I just wanted to sleep all the time. I had a plan.
I sleep among ravishing illusions and wake to their burden.
Without enough sleep, we all become tall two-year olds.
Without enough sleep, we all become tall two-year-olds.
Sleep is the price we pay for learning
Many bad days were preceded by a bad night’s sleep.
Insomniacs exaggerate the pleasures of sleep.
my lion is fed, I sleep at his side.
...our lack of sleep is a slow form of self-euthanasia...
The devil never sleeps. He keeps me company.
Sleep has treasures in it and they are known as dreams!
Never waste a yawn.
Forgive everyone and put yourself at the top of the list.
Some of my favorite memories are of falling asleep.
It's better to be a good looser than being a rude winner
I was a thousand different people before I went to sleep.
The only time I have problems is when I sleep.
Feeling a little calmer?
Not everyone can afford the luxury of sleep.
He could sleep in the ruins of cities lost for centuries.
Dreams are memories we’ve lost to sleep.
Death is the final sleep that you never awaken from.
Certainty. Life's last and kindest gift.
But who, in these modern times, slept well?
Beds ain't for sleeping, and clothes ain't for bed.
Beds aren't for sleeping, and clothes aren't for bed.
back to bed” instead of “back to the house.
Never give up on your dreams. Keep sleeping
Parker Haas, crying Omaha, and his sleepless Rose.
Maybe people are younger when they sleep.
Like honey is the sleep of the just.
A blink of an eye is what separates you from reality.
Ah, sleep, clothe me in thy velvet cloak.
The flicker, the flutter, even thoughts can stutter.
Come on, baby. It’s time.
I never sleep well when I'm on call.
A single lie is the father of all lies
You need your rest to feel your best!
Who needs sleep when you have a good book?
A man that sleeps all night wastes too much of life.
The sleeper turns his back on everyone.
We do not know what happens when we sleep.
The misery of sleep is beyond the understanding of men.
The weekends are too short for sleep!
Sleep is the only thing I stay awake for.
I am amazed that there are still nights when I sleep well.
Two things I can't stand - sitting and sleeping.
There was no opiate like a French pillow.
Never underestimate a good sleep.
Have you ever wonder about the misery of sleep?
Sleep, where in the waste is the wisdom?
Sleep is a kind of peace, and I have not yet earned peace.
The Girl does not dream. The Girl has never dreamed.
My WHY is always greater than my SLEEP.
Sometimes I wake up and think... 'I was asleep.
Maybe his nightmare had been about me.
To achieve the impossible dream, try going to sleep.
At night we sort the energy that by day we sense.
Slowly I swam up from the bottom of a black sleep.
The best sleep imaginable is sleeping in your dreams
Sleep: the breakfast of champions
Sleep is my only ally united by a dream treaty
If I couldn't sleep, I could read.
It's four A.M.! Who goes to bed this early!?
This love is hard core. Let's make it soft porn.
Tell me a story. Be my storyteller.
Orr slept. He dreamed. There was no rub.
The old sleep poorly. Perhaps they stand watch.
Sleep was a country for which he could not obtain a visa.
The sleep he went back to was never the one he left.
The death of each days life
Must have been some kind a nightmare.
Sleep is closing your eyes and trusting you will heal.
Sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life.
Gen was sleeping the sleep of the heavily drugged.
Death's brother, sleep.
With great power comes a great need to take a nap.
What pillow can one have like a good conscience?
I was through with sleep. I didn't like what it brought me.