My girl and I we started fostering dogs.
Shit’s a hassle but they help to keep her calm.

She’s seen a lot so have those pups.
They connect in a way that’s fun for me to watch.

She’s young and she’s beautiful and she’s warm.
But my head is always on what it’s on.

My little projects some are decades long.
Some near completion most are a ways off.

Somehow scattered and at the same time fixated.
I think I get that from my mom she’s such a busy lady.

My girl’s making efforts to be more social.
Says it would mean a lot if I would try it with her.

Wall of flowers between myself and dinner guests.
Chain and stanchion between myself and all the rest.

Hot air between myself and any room.
Flaming sword between myself and the whole wide world.

That sort of information ties you to a song.
You grow close to me and we form a bond.

That’s how it works you, you buy in willfully.
And this is as close as I get to intimacy.
Is it possible to do a thing forever.
And learn nothing? And get no better?
A voice, my own, replies “quite clearly.
Now collect yourself get out there and entertain me”.

I put myself through a thing.
And I loved it.
I put myself through a thing.
And I loved it.

Help me straighten and then please hold me.
I’m bent in parts and partially broken.
An ache subsides long enough to return.
As a stabbing pain that sends me to the floor.

I put myself through a thing.
I loved it.
I put myself through a thing.
And I loved it.

These things take time sometimes lives.
Can’t be angry. I read what I signed.
Nice to be called. More than many get.
Efforts to learn have yielded nothing yet.
A craft question I sometimes wonder “could it be vague is a virtue?”.
Let people hear what they hear, let people take what they want to.
Or is the magic in specifics? are fine details what leave a mark?
Is it time, place, event, and people, the linking adverbs equal art?

There’s a rumor I’ve read about Talk Talk’s ‘It’s My Life’.
That it’s sung from the vantage of a loving family pet.
The notion turned me on my head, made music not the same.
From a thing I enjoyed at distance, to one that makes my eyes wet.

Oh Christ, Christ it’s that time again.
Oh Christ its that time again.
To feel and let new ideas in.

Tactile sensation, shag carpet kisses cheek.
My drool moistened face, my stiff legs are asleep.
I don’t want to move I don’t think I’ll move.
I get it now.
Unwell people believe in presence of an influencing machine.
Chips in their heads or necks telling them how to behave.

It’s not a sexy topic but it’s one my brain goes to often.
Mental health and what it entails and fully means.

When I worked on Skid Row I’d call my folks twice a day.
Say, “thank you for the stable home and thanks for the place to stay”.

I don’t pray but sometimes I find something worthy of praise.
Nature, God, I’m grateful for the problems I’ve got.
Their scope and scale and what they are and what they are not.

I like to see for myself.
I like to touch it without gloves.

All things relative.
But I prefer to defer to people who clearly have it worse.
I prefer to defer.

I was a janitor in a place where the really sick people hide.
Where the furniture is too broad and heavy to be thrown and that’s by design.

Gave me perspective or at least it lent it or at least forced me to reflect on it.
Here’s what I took away from my time inside or my time passing by on my way to some other era of my life.
Forgot and left.
Mental health.
Bad news.
Nobody who matters cares.

Raw and worn.
Beat and swollen.
I know.
Nobody who matters cares.

Late and let go.
Downsized and broke.
Sorry friend.
Nobody who matters cares.

Wrongly killed.
Killer let go.
Goddamn.
Nobody who matters cares.

Late with rent.
Eviction pending.
It’s rough.
Nobody who matters cares.

Lame and withered.
Distressed and panicked.
But still.
Nobody who matters cares.

Tyrants rise.
World is ending.
So long.
Nobody who matters cares.

Hell’s door opens.
And I dance my way in.
Me included:
Nobody who matters cares.

For a moment I found myself open.
To words and ideas of a certain kind.
For a moment I found myself open.
To words and ideas but they was mostly lies.
I don’t trust none of ya to see what’s in front of ya.
Please pick one it’s dumb or blind.
Stick to your love songs people about people in love.

It’s hard to sing those songs that people love about people in love.
It’s hard to sing those songs people love about people in love.
Dumb kid decisions through the lens of an dumb adult.
Walls you went around, broke down, and built.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Mohammad went to the mountain, no patience.
You’re a bit like him, you took a job at the station.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Things you said and why’d you fight that kid I don’t remember.
Seemed like I was angry or something maybe.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Porcell had to try one last time.
Brass ring hanging by horsehair overhead.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Steve kicked a man’s head from his body.
Caught on tape but there’s no body.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Good stories and real life don’t overlap.
But cinderblock through windshield, I choose to believe in that.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

Street people do street people things.
Found a way to direct that high school rage.
Choke went to Berlin to have his awakening.

The way you think it is as a kid gives way to difficult but unavoidable days that underline and highlight that you’ve been doing it wrong and for so long you can’t crawl your way back to reasonable you have to swing violently to the other side which as it turns out isn’t violent at all but mild and neutral and bland and pablum and sand for your landing cotton for your tongue.
You never finish anything.
It’s rather Arthur Russell.
I like done and over.
Rather Greenway in that way.
You’re sad but charming.
A cut from Nick Drake.
I obsess over endings.
I’m a bit like Bill Fay.

You want point of reference.
Lit like Lloyd Cole.
I prefer bold statements.
Coleman speaks my language.
You’re big on wordplay.
Into the arms of Nick Cave.
I don’t mind being yelled at.
Brannon does it for me.

You like to dance and go out.
Wire while you get ready.
I don’t leave the apartment.
Newman solo makes sense.
You want new thoughts.
Kate Bush on ready.
I repeat myself often.
Like a senile Mark Smith.

Explaining motherhood to a man.
Cold observation but he’s not capable of understanding.
Detailing math to a dog.
Won’t retain a word but if you’re lucky he may be a good boy and nod.
Like most men.
I swing.
From extremes.
I range.
From empathetic.
To naked cruel.
Ugly words.
Like most men.
Manifest in.
What I spit at you.
Fine at times.
And others not.
Gnaw through leg.
Whenever caught.
Carry worry.
Like most men.
At base of my neck.
Root through.
All those feelings.
For one I love best.
Like a rat in trash.
Caught when.
The compactor comes.
And puts thoughts to rest.
Like most men.
I swing.
Like most men.
I can be mean.
Like most men.
I sink.
Like most men.
I swing.
Give directions to the deaf.
With pointing gestures.
Talk the glory of god.
With some fool believers.
They say I’ve gotta engage with the world and the people living in it.
But I stay open to second opinions.

They say if I want want things.
Or even to just want to stay healthy.
These are the terms the world offers and I’ve have to meet it halfway.
But I don’t buy that exposure to sick will ever help me.

Talk in circles with a bigot.
For what payoff?
Yell with an angry mob.
In that way get off.
They say I’ve gotta engage with the world and the people in it.
But I stay open to second opinions.

They say if I want want things.
Or even to just want to stay healthy.
These are the terms the world offers and I’ve have to meet it halfway.

Punch an old head.
Break your fist.
In 40 years.
Be gone and dead.
They say engage with the world.
And the people living in it.
I’ll be reading my comic books instead.
Often is what it is.
So be it if it bleaches coral.
Junkies get it.
It can’t be explained to children.
The world’s not turning for you and the road never rises.
You’re eking out a living like every other asshole.

I just follow drums.
I speak my peace in time.
Or sometimes not.
As I’m often off.

Full spite full stop why stop at nose.
When you can hack and separate your skull from throat?
Why pause at your chest just go all in.
Quarter yourself from your neck to your toes.

I just follow drums.
I speak my peace in time.
Or sometimes not.
As I’m often off.

Call anyone enough and they’ll answer.
