Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
Life is only precious because it ends, kid.
There is not love of life without despair about life.
Real dishes break. That's how you know they're real.
We are all butterflies. Earth is our chrysalis.
As for oblivion, well, we can wait a little while for that.
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.
A life is not a waste of time.
We're all drowning, but don't say it out loud.
This is to be mortal, And seek the things beyond mortality.
Nothing is immune to Time. Not even eternity.
Stories are all we humans have to make us immortal.
Every leaf before it falls must think itself immortal.
For nothing is evil in the beginning.
None of us are getting out of here alive.
You can be too old to live, but not too young to die.
Mortality was an inconvenient mistake.
Life gets half of its beauty from death.
Time is the currency of life; do not give it away cheaply.
There ain't no magic pen to get back what you lost.
Each minute the last minute.
It's the living who struggle to accept death.
It is impossible to waste time prolonging your life.
To waste time is to waste your life.
We know the tree will die someday, but we plant it anyway.
Time is a long sunrise where we wait for our haloes.
Every third thought shall be my grave.
What is a mortal like?
Much of morality is peculiar to mortality.
Death is the firewood that keeps the fire of life burning.
Life is the inside of death.
A second is a step taken by the living towards death.
If you’re mortal, all they can do to you is kill you.
Mortality is the truth we all must learn.
I am mortal, born to love and to suffer.
Telling some people not to waste time is a waste of time.
Everything is new and doomed.
Most people master the art of wasting a life.
Death is the release of an organism from the prison of life.
And so it was literature that brought me back to life.
The worst that can happen to anyone will happen to everyone.
Even they have died who said death is an illusion.
Art is long and life is brief and mortality looms.
Life is a debt, of which death is our repayment.
No road seems very long when you're approaching its end.
When mortality is the equation, we are but pawns in a game.
No one, in the end, made it out of this life alive.
In the end, the body betrayed everyone.
...is not all philosophy but preparation for a serene dying?
Yes, it will all end one day; but today is worth living.
To accept a little death is worse than death itself.
To die trying is the proudest humans thing.
The democratic age mourns the value of human beings.
JFK had to act before his fragile body betrayed him.
The idyll ended, as idylls must.
Murder was a fascination as always.
The sleeping and the dead are but as pictures. Lady Macbeth.
The fear of Mortality is the base of Immortality.
Death like style is the removal of rubbish.
There are some fights none of us can win.
Ignorance of mortality is a comfort.
My life will end someday, but it will end at my convenience.
Of course.
Without an ever-present sense of death life is insipid.
Malady of mortality.
I think the only way to properly face doom is to be on time.
The end is never worth the beginning.
Death is the only serious preoccupation in life.
Creating is the closest thing to being immortal.
You have never talked to a mere mortal.