I've been embarrassing myself since about birth.
The only sin is the sin of being born.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Can you keep your legs together? its not due for a month.
Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.
Nothing is born into this world without labor.
The dream crossed twilight between birth and dying.
We are all born agnostics. Atheism and theism is sold to us.
Man begets, but land does not beget.
Birth is more painful than dying.
If birth is a manifestation of life, death is another.
Heaven set couples for babies' birth.
Attachments to the self-and/or others, give birth to Karma.
All men were born brothers, this is the beauty of being.
Who can understand how life begins in the womb of a woman?
Baptism of holy spirit is the necessity of a new birth.
Babies are born free.
Everything is predestined only after birth.
Creation begins with conception.
X steps forward, takes a deep breath, and spins the wheel.
You were born to be yourself.
Born to discover beauty.
Everything begins small.
Mortals aren't born strong, they become strong.
I hate Sundays because they give birth to Mondays.
We all know that birth ultimately ends with death.
We were once indigenous enough to drink the rain.
Your mother gave birth to a human. Don't prove her wrong.
The sacred power of divine spirit transcends space and time.
All things have their birth in Love by adaptation.
A tree dies torn from its roots; a man begins to live.
As soon as we are born, we are old enough to die.
Birthplace of a new year is in the heart of hope.
Time is the only inborn wealth.
Geniuses are not born, they are made.
The only thing that you have when you were born is Time.
You had nothing but time to live when you were born.
Conversion will always birth a product.
It is the investment of your time that birth greatness.
Conversion of time has given birth to inventions.
No man was born empty, every man was born with a worth.
Nothing could be given birth to without solitude.
Every birth, every death, reminds us how precious life is.
The birthplace of anarchy is the cemetery of freedom.
The moment of birth is a miracle.
We are sentenced to die the day we are born.
You were born to live the best of being.
From the moment of your birth, you have a calling.
The mind gives birth to tangibility.
The reason you were born is for a purpose.
Miseries of a birth.
What does your birth date say about you? You are old!
Perfection is born of imperfection.
Birth is the greatest miracle.
I was about to die; and then she gave me a birth again.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
She is born in the breath of a cloud.
Christmas is holy celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ.
We weep when we are born, not when we die!
The Creator predetermined our life on earth.
Dwelling on thoughts gives birth to feelings.
The day of birth is day of life.
A day of birth is a joyful day.
The birth of a new born baby is a great joy.
Bring forth a spiritual idea that will never fade.
If I can't have your babies, I'll damn sure deliver them!
Moments give birth to new memories.
The day of birth is a miraculous day.
We are all the fruits of pleasure's toil.
My voice is born repeatedly in the fields of uncertainty.
Agitation gives birth to creation.
We're all born an empty page.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
Every day is a gift. But some days are packaged better.
Are all those presents for me?
Your birthday is your personal New Year's Day.
With all boldness, brace the eternity of your existence.
Oh, dear Bear; there’s a home here for you.
Celebrate your journey of life.
They assessed my age and assigned me a birthday.
Thank you for existing.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
The day of birth is a miraculous day.
Death was no less a miracle than birth.
Clearly God was in some kind of mood on my birthday.
Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.
Is birth always a fall?
Birth means nothing where there is no virtue.
Death should take me while I am in the mood.
Finally there is nothing here for death to take away.
