When you can live forever what do you live for?
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
The life of the dead is set in the memory of the living.
There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.
For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity.
Anger at lies lasts forever. Anger at truth can't last.
Good-bye and hello, as always.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
Nothing is forever...nothing lasts.
To live in the hearts we leave behind is to live forever.
God Is, Lucifer is a devil, and there is a Hell.
There's never a beginning for eternity.
Nobody could stand an eternity of Heaven.
Murderer ain't fit to eternity.
Procreation annihilates eternity.
Eternity: the length of a life.
England is never in a hurry because she is eternal.
Eternity is a glorious word, but eternity is ice.
For our last shall be the recorder of eternity.
Forever means losing count of years.
No killing intention in a society of eternity.
I'm hopefully a grain of sugar in God's cup of green tea.
To feel free is to feel eternity.
For what is love if not a promise of eternal companionship?
Seek the eternity of your existence.
Drift into the Eversea.
Eternity is hidden in every moment.
In eternity, everything is happening for the first time.
Explore the eternity of your existence.
Just behind all witnessing eyes? Eternity.
Explore the eternity of existence.
The eternity of existence is the sacredness of faith.
TGWA: Thank God We’re Alive. TGWE: Thank God We’re Eternal.
Eternity is awful long time, especially towards the end.
The soul essence is a timeless imprint of eternity.
If you don't have a dream, you have nothing to fight for.
The verses are eternal, darling,But I am not
In art the Present is the eternal.
No one is idealistic, forgive and move on.
Put us in a jar, she thought. Put us in eternity.
What is eternal is the cloud drifting slowly out of sight.
Eternity to eternity , God is God.
Nothing iseternal.Everything elseis not.
Key the mind, and set the soul free.
But forever was a useless term, relevant only for the dead.
Time is the cruelest force of all.
Beauty is the moment when time vanishes and eternity arises.
What's freedom for? To know eternity.
We create eternity out of crumbs of time.
Those who seek eternity find a mind of infinity
Earth is but a sliver of the eternal pie.
They tell us, love, that eternity awaits.
He would do anything to avoid ageing and death...anything.
Compared to eternity, every lapse is short.
Eternity exist in every sacred time.
Every minute is eternity.
Humans without humanity, trouble in the World for eternity.
Humans without humanity, war_torn world for eternity
Eternity is today.
Eternity, sacred time.
The divine moment is holy.
Eternity exist in a holy time.
Eternity. Isn't that word terrifying?
There exist eternity in every moment.
They swore by concrete. They built for eternity.
If I had time, I would become timeless.
Music is the language of love, nature, and eternity.
I have a thing for things that last.
Live today as if eternity with Christ will begin today.
Eternity is the end of the end.
Forever encased in the amber of a writer's prose.
Though we do live once but can last forever.
As Eternity has reckonedThere's a lifetime in a second
I now have my final resting place,Your eyes.
Rich or poor it’s nice to have money
I believe in the brief eternity of the rose.
Eternity is not a super-abundance of time, but timelessness.
How you live today has the potential to impact all eternity.
She stood lost in eternity... watching the immense sky...
The gates of Hell are terrible to behold, are they not?