You don't have to stay anywhere forever.
All that is transitory is but a metaphor.
I'd come to realize that all our troubles spring from our failure to use plain, clear-cut language.
I am a clown...and I collect moments.
We are all insects. Groping towards something terrible or divine.
At the end of time I want my art to stand up and my soul to bow down.
There are other men, and other lives, and time still to be.
At night I closed my eyes and saw my bones threading the mud of my grave.
Welcome to Planet Earth, find your existential avant-garde.
I shall never sleep again. Butthen—how shall I endure my own company?
We are snowflakes, meltingon the tongue of the universe.
Breaking your inner boundaries is an existential art.
Freedom is an existential art.
Some ideas are existential luxury.
And so it was literature that brought me back to life.
In my mind I saw my own temples in ruins, before even one brick had been laid upon another.
My life had stood-- a loaded gun.
It is better to laugh at man from outside the universe, than to weep for him within.
What are people but deaths that haven't happened yet?
The question of being is the darkest in all philosophy.
Few are the birds who fly pass through the human heart.
All this world of ours is nothing but a speck of mildew which has grown up on a tiny planet.
Because it was my crime to have no one on Earth who cared for me, or loved me.
She has survived but she doesn't know what.
Who cares what we dream about? Just getting through each day is hard enough.
Life has existential suffering; we become happy by caring.
We co-existed in peaceful detachment.
To be or not to be. God's gift to animals is they don't get a choice.
Oh, Karamazov, I am deeply unhappy.
Carry me like change in your pocket and spend me as you wish.
I think, therefore I am, therefore I am photographable.
They claimed no allegiance to any flag and valued no currency but luck and good contacts.
You are the illusion. The person in the mirror is real.
God may save all, but human rescue is only for a few.
That happens in hotel rooms, people have bad dreams.
