Conscience is no more than the dead speaking to us.
The muses are ghosts, and sometimes they come uninvited.
Maybe before you die, it's your ghosts you see.
It's easier to dismiss ghosts in the daylight.
At night, here in the library, the ghosts have voices.
What looked like morning was the beginning of endless night
Surely, she was too young to have so many ghosts.
So what, ghosts can't hurt you. That's what I thought then.
I don't believe in ghosts but they blindly believe in me
Graveyards were the one place Belladonna never saw ghosts.
What happened in the dark?
Everything that’s loved lives.
I think if I believe in anything, I believe in ghosts.
Ghosts don’t stay buried when they’re laced in gold.
She dreamed of ghosts, and of the moon and stars.
Some ghosts are women. Not angels, but ghosts.
Madness is in the mind of the beholder.
So she was a ghost. She was still my best friend.
I've never been very good at giving people what they want.
Ghosts are the manifestation of the longing of loss.
While they’re still alive, people can become ghosts.
The dead live in our memories.
Here, in this house the ghosts of our past are real
Ghosts are both remnants of history and witnesses to it.
Ghosts sit in my mouth and sing.
When we are hungry we eat our ghosts.
We are ghosts of our future past.
Even when she slept, her anxieties did not.
The science of magic & the magic of science
What if I cease to exist altogether?
One person's strange is another person's normal.
What role were we playing? The ghosts or the haunted?
Flattery won't get you out of owing me ten bucks.
Chasing ghosts while pursued by daemons...
What doesn't kill you, makes you paranoid.
Of all ghosts, the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
A bad conscience makes a very good ghost.
There are so many different kinds of ghosts.
The main work of haunting is done by the living
Do you believe in ghosts?
The feet of ghosts never touch the ground.
He would gaze at her with intrigued longan seed eyes.
Empires come and go. Chanterelles are timeless
Whiteness of moonlight builds a house that is not there
Because every story is a ghost story, even mine.
Imagine a place where the dead rest on shelves like books.
I have been both a ghost and haunted in the city I love.
They tell us, love, that eternity awaits.
Ghosts were created when the first man woke in the night
There ain't no haints in Detroit.
This book's like black holes. It really engulfes you whole.
Ghosts are some of the loneliest people you will ever meet.
She would've made an excellent pirate.
It took a pair of ghosts to open my eyes.
He looks at you like you’re crème brûlée.
Believe that you are someone worth saving.
There is no place so dark that light cannot lead the way.
Now that's a ghastly moon, not ghostly.
The ego of a god, the wit of a goldfish.
The dead have highways." Clive Barker
Live from a place of love. It conquers all that is evil.
Elvis is the soul of discretion.
Maybe you’re worried that I won’t seduce you?
Elvis is in the kitchen and he’s making eggs Benedict!
I’ve worked with freshmen that were easier than this.
He was smiling that smile I truly loved.
knowing deep inside some ghosts are too cruel to question
I believe ghost story writing is a dying art.
These were the things we would never notice were missing.
Memories are reality's ghosts
Modernity kills ghostly romance.
Words themselves are all the ghosts we need.
Did Bach ever eatpancakes at midnight?
