How many observe Christ's birthday! How few, his precepts!
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Always winter but never Christmas.
The smells of Christmas are the smells of childhood.
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. 
Money's scarceTimes are hardHere's your fuckingXmas card
What kind of Christmas present would Jesus ask Santa for?
The knowing is easy. It's the doing that gives us trouble.
Christmas, my child, is love in action.
At Christmas, tea is compulsory. Relatives are optional.
Christmas is a time for families.
The perfect Christmas tree? All Christmas trees are perfect!
We can start making Christmas and Santa can finish up.
A real Christmas baby was not to be lightly named.
Churches don't hold divinity, human hearts do.
The old must give way to the New.
The joy at Christmas is celestial bliss.
As long as we love, there will always be Christmas.
Santa gets all the credit and I get all the debt.
Smile like your name tops Santa's naughty list.
Christmas is like eggs for the heart.
Christmas magic starts in the heart.
Christmas: a demonic event that brings madness to all.
Whatever the Grinch can steal, it's not Christmas.
Give a Christmas gift that can only be wrapped in a hug.
Christmas is not a story of hope. It is hope.
The magic of Christmas lives inside of you, always
There was something magical about that night
festive hearts waneand sink like tides of joy.
This is the best Christmas ever. She still loves me.
She was what made Christmas feel like home.
There's nothing cozier than a Christmas tree all lit up.
Are we going to have a Christmas baby after all...?
Let love be the greatest gift you give to one another.
We all have something to give, in different gracious forms.
A mother was only as happy as her most unhappy child.
Cinnamon is not a controlled substance.
There are always Uncles at Christmas.
What would happen to the dream if its dreamer was no more?
I’m making a list. And checking it twice.
Be someone's Santa; give ‘Fanta’!
Christmas is a joyful season.
Christmas is a happy festival.
Where there is compassion, there exist good cheer.
Whenever we show compassion, there is Christmas.
The bell still rings for all who truly believe
You can't undo loss. You can't unmake a mistake.
Things are not always how they seem.
If you like someone, you should have to make an effort.
Oh, that's right. Missy opens doors.
Christmas is the season of a good cheer.
Home is where the heart is, and you stole mine.
Life was too short to spend in a cube.
Amber, I can't handle twelve cats.
You never know, just by looking, what a person is hiding.
Merry Christmas. His would be without the Merry for sure.
I’ve always loved catching snow on my eyelashes.
Love isn’t a curse, Lucas, it’s a gift.
Hot he might be, but he wasn’t her type at all…
I live my life in my comfort zone...
There would be no Christmas if there was no Easter.
To love is to give hope to even the darkest atmosphere.
Love with a kind heart is what we can give to each other.
Of all the gifts, love is the greatest gift.
Sometimes, crazy is exactly what we need.
What, Rudolph wasn’t available?
Lasciatemi cosìcome unacosaposatain unangoloe dimenticata
Love and loss come in equal measure.
Black bodies have become ornamental, haven't they?
But I did go back and soon I realized why. I was in love
The Grinch says leave!
Now, remind me, who's walking who down the aisle again?
May you find a new grace to live your dreams in coming year.
You ought to pause and enjoy the peace in the moment.
New Year eve is an ecstasy of new anticipation.
A splendid sacred season!
Be a candle of light in someone’s life this holy season.
My idea of Christmas is love.
My idea of Christmas is love; so pure and so divine.
Christmas is the spirit of love, joy and peace.
May we love each other not only at Christmas but all year.
Don’t only wait until Christmas to love, love at all times.
Christmas is a sacred festival.
Christmas is holy celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ.
My heart gladdens, knowing someone think of at Christmas.
My idea of Christmas is love. Love exists at all times.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
Unto you is bornin the city of Davida Savior for all.
Enjoy the beauty, love and peace of a sacred Christmas.
I wish you a joyful Christmas and a miraculous New Year.
I wish you a blessed Christmas and a wonderful New Year.
May you life be sparkle with love, joy and hope.
Little with love is better than much without love.
God is Santa Claus for Grown-Ups.
A gift is never empty if you find the gift-box useful.
She told me that love has a magic all its own.
Christmas is a holy time to rekindle our love for another.
The season of Christmas brings joy, hope and peace.
Elves don't shimmer.
But Time and Tide and Buttered Eggs wait for no man.
The family is the key of Christmas.
Christmas is never over, unless you want it to be.
As long as we keep loving, it will always be Christmas.
Christmas is Christ love for mankind.
Hot cocoa and cold toes remind me of Christmas.
Christmas is a blanket that warms our cold hearts.
The reason for the season is Christ. Let’s not forget that.
For all of life is Christmas, an eternal gift from God.
It’s the season. We share what we’ve got.
Christmas is a state of mind.
The real Santa Claus is at the mall.
At Christmas, all roads lead home.
It's easy to forget that life is the greatest gift of all
Advent creates people, new people.
And so this is Christmas...what have you done?
Wrap your gifts in egg shells. Or cow dungs.
