Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.
Where there is love there is life.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The more I see, the less I know for sure.
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
Live to the point of tears.
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Even death has a heart.
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
The past has no power over the present moment.
You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
In a time of destruction, create something.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Maybe this world is another planet’s hell.
It is not the length of life, but the depth.
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.
What a strange thing! To be alive beneath cherry blossoms.
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
Living is Easy with Eyes Closed.
Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
The right thing and the easy thing are never the same.
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
Unexpected intrusions of beauty. This is what life is.
Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Life is worth living as long as there's a laugh in it.
She burned too bright for this world.
But how could you live and have no story to tell?
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Life's as kind as you let it be.
You're on Earth. There's no cure for that.
It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
The best things in life make you sweaty.
Those who are willing to be vulnerable move among mysteries.
When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.
My body is my journal, and my tattoos are my story.
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
Who says life is fair, where is that written?
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
Is this thing safe? "Safe as life," Gansey replied.
To perceive is to suffer.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
When you can live forever what do you live for?
Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
nothing in this world was more difficult than love.
My life didn't please me, so I created my life.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.
The person you became with her is worth being.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
Nobody wants to be here and nobody wants to leave.
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
Art is the proper task of life. 
To travel is to live.
When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
Amor Fati – “Love Your Fate”, which is in fact your life.
No one here gets out alive.
Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.
Be happy, but never satisfied.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar
You are -- your life, and nothing else.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Life is a tapestry woven by the decisions we make.
All knowledge is worth having.
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
How can I go forward when I don't know which way I'm facing?
Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.
Art is to console those who are broken by life.
Those who hurt others will also hurt themselves.
What you stay focused on will grow.
Unrequited love is the infinite curse of a lonely heart.
We are unusual and tragic and alive.
You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.
The beautiful is always bizarre.
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.
Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.
Tears are words the heart can't express
If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?
He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived.
When a woman or a man learns to love, she or he must bear the risk of hatred.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
When you make a choice, you change the future.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
But we can't go back. We can only go forward.
Without music, life would be a blank to me.
You can get all A's and still flunk life.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Life is problems. Living is solving problems.
Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.
Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.
I will be stronger than my sadness.
I want someone whose heart is big enough to hold me.
Changing is what people do when they have no options left.
Life is but a dream for the dead.
Wisdom is having things right in your lifeand knowing why.
A boo is a lot louder than a cheer.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
Change course, but don’t give up.
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
A joke is a very serious thing.
In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.
Life will defend itself no matter how small it is.
No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.
Let all of life be an unfettered howl.
I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.
My life is a reading list.
When we're connected to others, we become better people.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Life is too short when you think of the length of death
We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.
Love is hard to find, hard to keep, and hard to forget.
Going back to something is harder than you think.
When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.
Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
Dancers are the athletes of God.
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
The fear of appearances is the first symptom of impotence.
all of us have a place in history. mine is clouds.
I can't. You can't rewrite the past.
No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.
We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.
Don't Worry Be Happy
Dreams are necessary to life.
Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
Fate loves the fearless.
Rise to the occassion which is life!
Everything changes in my life, and the world stays the same.
You often meet your fate on the road you take to avoid it.
I do not love men: I love what devours them.
Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Never compete with someone who has nothing to lose.
I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.
Life is more fun if you play games.
Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
To live is to war with trolls.
My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
A woman laughing is a woman conquered.
Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done.
regret is mostly caused by not havingdone anything.
Why did I write? Because I found life unsatisfactory.
There's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself.
It would be so nice if something made sense for a change.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.