The problem with introspection is that it has no end.
I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
An awake heart is like a sky that pours light.
Self-observation is the first step of inner unfolding.
Life is a dance. Mindfulness is witnessing that dance.
The Way to do is to be.
She remembered who she wasand the game changed.
Do not speak about anyone who is not physically present.
The act of meditation is being spacious.
Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak.
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.
When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.
You are the biggest enemy of your own sleep.
Thoughts don't become things; thoughts ARE things.
Include and grow. Include and expand.
You cannot control the results, only your actions.
When you plant a seed of love, it is you that blossoms.
Let the breath lead the way.
Love is the process of melting into the other
Compassion is the religion of the heart.
We all have issues & we have usually come by them honestly.
We are the Masters of each moment.
To forgive does not mean to forget.
No one looks or feels attractive when angry.
You honor yourself by acting with dignity and composure.
Spiritual yearning is the homesickness of the soul.
Inking is meditation in liquid form...
So what is a good meditator? A good meditator meditates.
Our actions speak for us & they speak loudly.
Accepting the reality of change gives rise to equanimity.
The best meditation app is not an app, but the human mind.
A meditative mind gathers no Karma.
Empty mind is fundamentally an eye, it observes.
Like dance moves the body,Meditation moves the mind
I'm always quiet. Quiet with the storms inside me.
It always pays to be closer to nature, than people.
Insecure people seek answers in all the wrong places.
Silence the mind so cosmic vision may awaken.
Out of calmness comes clarity.
The mind must be an open door to empty space.
The opposite of spiritual is not material but egotistical.
Meditation is massage for the mind.
The best party you could ever have, is with yourself.
I am that I am I am me I am you We are one
Everyone is intuitive!
I accept myself, I accept others, acceptance is my truth
I honor truth, I practice truth, I live
When we go closer to the divine, bliss is growing.
Hello todayI’m so glad you’re hereI’m ready for you
Stillness is the foundation of understanding and insight.
Where is this silence coming from?
Peace is the way, as well as the destination
Your thoughts and words are the mirror images of your soul.
Welcoming, openness, is the nature of life.
When you believe in yourself great things happen!
All meditation starts with the root of intention.
The most difficult battle is peace.
Zazen doesn’t give you something—it’s the complete opposite!
You are the love you're looking for.
Abundance and collaboration are yours if you ask for it
Meditation betters not only the mind but also the brain.
Meditation is a narrowing of focus that expands the soul.
Embrace your imperfections. We are not machines.
To be a spiritual teacher is the call of compassion.
One is only truly free in the eye of the storm.
Medicate less and meditate more.
Always thinking is as tragic as never thinking.
Take a deep breath...Remember..Your strength is within
You enter meditation to enjoy the experience of meditation.
My eyes opened, when I closed my eyes.
the long walk home is fraught with death at every corner.
The future has never worried itself about a human being.
Yoga is her favorite superpower.
This moment is the only certainty.
Unlike our minds, life is forever moving in one direction.
Women are the heart of Humanity
Habits rules our life and Yoga habits rule our Yoga life
Consciousness over Color, Intelligence over Ignorance
time to wash away the debris of duality
There is no separation in consciousness"Soul Moon Shining
Divisivenessonly exists in the mind
The sound of one hand clapping is thunderous
Healing is simple, if one is healed.
Meditation is the artwork of awakening the divine within you
To be inspired breathe deeply.
Stop trying to change what is.
What we do is dictated by what we are doing.
I don't mind what happens in the now.
Inhale the present, exhale the past and the future.
Kids meditate on things, the adults meditate on the self.
Sometimes it's in the quiet that we hear the loudest things.
Om is the vibrational representation of creation.
Meditation can be a doorway to mindfulness.
When the mind is silent like a lake the lotus blossoms.
Yoga happens in the last 1% of a pose.
Be the dolphin!
Is there any success, without the soundness of mind?
Being hypnotized by content is a disease.
Don't respond when the mind snaps its fingers.
All of life is a meditation, most of it unintentional.
Close your eyes. Meditate on your love.
Meditation is the vitamin for your mind.
Meditation on scriptures is soothing to the soul.
You can't stop the waves but you can learn to surf.
Your mind is the most powerful thing in your control.
Meditation nourishes the mind.
Self-care is how you take your power back.
Meditation is the energy of the mind,
You should try to avoid using the words "should" and "try".
Masturbating is no more sinful than praying or meditating.
Reflect, reflect.
If we reflect, we shall recognize.
The mind is a useful tool but not a very good friend.
Equanimity can be hard to talk about.
Causing harm is never just a one-way street.
Keeping secrets is a consequential act for all involved.
In reality, love is fluid; it’s a verb, not a noun.
I hear the most music in the depths of silence.
Never feel ashamed of your longing for happiness.
The heart contracts when our bodies are overcome by shame.
Keep Calm and Find Your Zen-ity
Our senses are often the gateway to our stories.
I meditate; therefore, you live.
Meditation is experiencing the self in million ways.
In your life, everything revolves around your mind.
Meditation is a deep thought.
Meditation is act of thinking purely.
There is no aloneness. There is only unawareness.
Some champions are born; others are forged!
The stiller you are the calmer life is.
It takes a lot of courage to be happy.
The goal of meditation is awareness, not relaxation.
There is no prayer greater than service.
The Self, when finite, is Human and when infinite, is God.
Breathing towards a more peaceful day" Pudge xo
You are in love with your own reflection of the universe.
Observe your internal and external world and rise above it.
Meditation is the brain's way to exercise.
A prayer/meditation a day, keeps the Doctor away.
Meditation is a flower, and compassion is its fragrance.
If your outer world is shaky, go within.
Awareness is absence of seaking.
Her beauty is untouchable.
This body is the house of God.
Each meditation should last hours - three, four, six hours.
The wind plays its own music.
Today is a beautiful day. Thank you!
We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.
Follow your heart. It will lead you to where you need to be.
Sometimes you just have to take the pie in the face.
On this roadwhere nobody else travelsautumn nightfall.
Affirm the Scripture to revive your spirit.
You ought to mediate on the Scriptures daily.
Love makes you feel at home in existence.
Live each day with ecstatic serenity
If you feel that you are going without go within
Rest as the awareness that is aware without using thought.
Philosophy gives life to life.
Life is eternal game, there are no rules. Indulge yourself.
Love brings you closer to yourself
When I was in Darkness,I could find my Fullness
Your reality is a reflection of yourself
Happiness is activity of soul.
Lawyers are lubricants are complicated social intercourse.
God is the soul of the universe.
Only if we live consciously, we can die consciously.
The Beloved is Always There, Actively Seeking You.
The way to Bliss is through Understanding, through Wisdom.
May you comfort and healing.
Universe responds to the person who meditates daily.
Daily mediation is a healthy spiritual exercise.
Let your imagination takes you where you want to be.
Inner stillness is the key to outer strength.
When you have passion, you don't need coffee.
Sometimes I just need to be alone with what I believe in.
Sound soul; commence and end your day with meditation.
The Warrior of the Light meditates.
Nothing is born, nothing dies.
Paths are many, Truth is ONE!
Unconditional Love is the outer expression of Inner Peace.
The literary man re-reads, other men simply read.
Observing is not just seeing. It is watching with attention.
Sedona is beautiful, but your soul is even more beautiful.
Only this actual moment is life.
Our future lies on the horizon of our destiny.
Without thoughts the mind cannot exist only consciousness
Only in stillness does the imperceivable become discernible
Words are the fallen ruins of silent majesty.
Zen movement is a meditative practice.
There is no destination except the one inside of you.
Live in the present, or die in your past; it's your choice.
Only inner-mastery can bring outer-mastery.
Right where you are, the potential of the universe is.
When we are quiet and still we contract and settle.
Success comes from finding your center and self.
Success, just like poverty, is a state of mind.
The inner emptiness is the door to God.
Sitting meditation begins with good posture.