Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Hearts are made to be broken.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
To define is to limit.
I can resist anything except temptation.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Who, being loved, is poor?
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
I like men who have a future and women who have a past.
The world is a stage and the play is badly cast.
Every woman is a rebel.
Some things are more precious because they don't last long.
Everything in moderation, including moderation.
The suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.
There is no sin except stupidity.
Life is too short to learn German
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
The mystery of love is greater than the mystery of death.
This wallpaper is dreadful, one of us will have to go.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Only the shallow know themselves
The world was my oyster but I used the wrong fork.
I knew nothing but shadows and I thought them to be real.
I love acting. It is so much more real than life.
Consistency is the hallmark of the unimaginative.
Everything popular is wrong.
The one charm about the past is that it is the past.
Irony is wasted on the stupid
Punctuality is the thief of time
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Friendship is far more tragic than love. It lasts longer.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures
When the Gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers.
Some things are too important to be taken seriously.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Hearts Live By Being Wounded
Popularity is the one insult I have never suffered.
I never change, except in my affections.
nothing that is worth knowing can be taught
Memory is the diary we all carry about with us.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Conformity is the last refuge of the unimaginitive
To be natural is such a very difficult pose to keep up.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious
The optimist sees the donut, the pessimist sees the hole.
Appearance blinds, whereas words reveal.
A passion for pleasure is the secret of remaining young.
Each of us has heaven and hell in him...
To be popular one must be a mediocrity.
Each man kills the thing he loves.
One should always be a little improbable.
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess.
When good Americans die, they go to Paris.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
For one moment our lives met, our souls touched.
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.
When you really want love you willfind it waiting for you.
Life is a nightmare that prevents one from sleeping.
Where there is sorrow, there is holy ground.
A writer is someone who has taught his mind to misbehave.
Wisdom comes with winters
I can believe anything provided it is incredible.
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace.
I am one of those who are made for exceptions, not for laws.
They spoil every romance by trying to make it last forever.
One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art.
With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
The great events of the world take place in the brain...
Any place you love is the world to you.
She lives the poetry she cannot write.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure
You are what you read
Every impulse we strangle will only poison us.
A mask tells us more than a face.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
I analyzed you, though you did not adore me.
Now produce your explanation and pray make it improbable.
Most people are boring and stupid.
Anybody can make history; only a great man can write it.
The moon in her chariot of pearl
Where there is no love there is no understanding.
Truth is independent of facts always.
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
Just because a man has died for it, does not make it true.
She is a peacock in everything but beauty!
Give a man a mask and he’ll tell you the truth.
I don't want to earn my living, I want to live.
She knew nothing but she had everything he had lost.
It's the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors.
Art only begins where Imitation ends.
Love is easily killed.
Genius lasts longer than beauty
But she is happiest alone. She is happiest alone.
The only horrible thing in the world is ennui.
The best way to make children good is to make them happy.
Either this wallpaper goes, or I do.
Even before I met you I was far from indifferent to you.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
True friends stab you in the front
Love is not fashionable anymore; the poets have killed it.
The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray.
The proper basis for marriage is a mutual misunderstanding.
Bad artists always admire each others work.
In all matters of opinion, our adversaries are insane.
I'm too old to know everything
Experience is a question of instinct about life.
Nothing should be out of the reach of hope. Life is a hope.
Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow.
Questions are never indiscreet. Answers sometimes are.
You can have your secret as long as I have your heart[.]
Time is a waste of money.
When critics disagree the artist is in accord with himself.
Circumstances should never alter principles!
this woman is a genius in the day time and a beauty at night
A burnt child loves the fire.
Spontaneity is a meticulously prepared art
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
The curves of your lips rewrite history.
All great ideas are dangerous.
Nothing annoys people so much as not receiving invitations.
you will always love, and you will always be loved
The one duty we owe to history is to rewrite it.
She lacks the indefinable charm of weakness.
Even things that are true can be proved.
You are Beautiful when you are happy
because to influence a person is to give one's own soul.
I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die.
He hadn’t a single redeeming vice.
but the bravest man among us is afraid of himself
The supreme vice is shallowness.
The world is made by the singer for the dreamer.
I have a business appointment that I am anxious... to miss.
The aim of Love is to love: no more, and no less.
Duty is what one expects from others.
I was wrong. God's law is only Love.
Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memories. 
The only thing I cannot resist is temptation.
In the old days men had the rack. Now they have the Press.
You have never been poor, and never known what ambition is.
I never read a book I must review; it prejudices you so.
It was always once springtime in my heart.
The unspeakable in pursuit of the uneatable!
Youth is the only thing worth having.
The artistic life is a long, lovely suicide.
If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart
Only love can keep anyone alive...
God and other artists are always a little obscure.....
The sky was pure opal now.
It is only the sacred things that are worth touching
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
It is only the intellectually lost who ever argue.
It can never be necessary to do what is not honourable.
You are what you read.
The living always think that gold can make them happy
Sometimes, the unnecessary is necessary.
Caricature is the tribute which mediocrity pays to genius.
The final mystery is oneself.
There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
Pleasure is Nature's test, her sign of approval.
Indifference is the revenge the world takes on mediocrities.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
What are you?" "To define is to limit.
Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.
Those whom the gods love grow young.
Lean on principles, one day they'll end up giving way.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Life has always poppies in her hands.
I must remember that a good friend is a new world.
The weather is entrancing, but in my heart there is no sun.
The mimicry of passion is the most intolerable of all poses.
love is not fashionable any more, the poets have killed it. 
When you are not on your pedestal you are not interesting.
Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!
anything becomes a pleasure if one does it too often,
How does one cure the soul? Through the senses
Before Turner there was no fog in London.
The world is a stage, but the play is badly written.
Experience is the name every one gives to their mistakes.
It is said that passion makes one think in a circle.
They have been eating muffins. That looks like repentance
I had buried my romance in a bed of asphodel.
She lives in the poetry she cannot write.
A true friend stabs you in the front, not the back.
The unread is always better than the unreadable.
Prism! Where is that baby?
To reveal art and conceal the artist is art's aim.
The pen is mightier than the paving-stone
And each man kills the thing he loves.
Religion?" "The fashionable substitute for belief.
I never quarrel with actions. My one quarrel is with words
There are as many Hamlets as there are melancholies.
It is personalities, not principles, that move the age