The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.
I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning.
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
The unendurable is the beginning of the curve of joy.
The cure for pain is in the pain.
These pains you feel are messengers. Listen to them.
Pain is only what you allow it to be.
The unending paradox is that we do learn through pain.
Warriors should suffer their pain silently.
It's much easier to wear your pain on the outside...
Remembering. Forgetting. I'm not sure which is worse.
Humor was a good way to hide the pain.
Sometimes, pain is all that lets you know you're alive.
Accept the pain, but don't accept that you deserved it.
Joy came always after pain.
Pain will leave you, when you let go.
It's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion.
We are kept keen on the grindstone of pain and necessity.
What the eyes don't see, the heart can't feel.
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
There are kinds of pain that you can't speak out loud.
If you want the rainbow, you have to deal with the rain.
The pain of the flesh is naught to that of the heart.
Suffering teaches joy.
Our worst pain is confined within our own skin.
I wonder if pain comes from surrendering or resisting?
Everything is ridiculous if one thinks of death.
Pain is very often a maimed creature without a mouth.
To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
It was nostalgic, in that painful way nostalgia could be.
How anxiously I yearned for those I had forsaken.
Vulnerability is the least celebrated emotion in our society.
Pain and beauty, our constant bed-fellows.
Only courageous hearts can endure the bitterness of truth.
Sometimes distance was easier than acting, or explaining.
Most often it is in heartache that we love more boldly.
Hurting people you love is the heaviest kind of regret.
Life is unbearable pain.
More than most, I know the pain of surviving.
And my worst pains are words I cannot say.
What you said about the sweetest pain? That fits us.
What can we do without pain in front of happiness?
Allow yourself to ache. In it, there is healing.
We don’t forget, but something vacant settles in us.
Truth is worse than soap in the eyes.
Pain is never added to pain. It multiplies.
The physical shock took away the pain of being.
Don't let pain keep you out of the garden.
Future indifferences is no consolation for present pain.
Experience is the byproduct of agony.
Experience is the pain that brings pleasure.
The scenery changes, but the pain remains.
I will fill the poems with great pain.
I never knew what feeling was I only felt the pain.
Life doesn't have to be pain-free to be full.
A thousand years of tears can only be voluntarily avoided.
Desperation is the door of the divine.
Sometimes the unknown is better for all involved.
The pain of the flesh is naught to that of the heart.
In life there is competition and love is no exception.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Pain purifies the soul.