Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
Not all those who wander are lost.
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
You are, and always have been, my dream.
Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Hearts are made to be broken.
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
For you, a thousand times over.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.
My ambition is handicapped by laziness.
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.
You have to die a few times before you can really live.
The town was paper, but the memories were not.
Like most misery, it started with apparent happiness.
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
I am haunted by humans.
This moment will just be another story someday.
I wanted the whole world or nothing.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
And the rest is rust and stardust.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
To define is to limit.
And so it goes...
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
The world was hers for the reading.
I can resist anything except temptation.
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
Even death has a heart.
Every great love starts with a great story...
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
Though she be but little, she is fierce!
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Winter is coming.
Some lose all mind and become soul,insane.
All great and precious things are lonely.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
Let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
It is never too late to be wise.
When I was your age, television was called books.
Very few of us are what we seem.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
I like good strong words that mean something…
Curiouser and curiouser!
I desire the things that will destroy me in the end.
You’ll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.
I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.
Your silence will not protect you.
That which you believe becomes your world.
The things you used to own, now they own you.
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
To survive, you must tell stories.
Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.
Words were different when they lived inside of you.
If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
To hurt is as human as to breathe.
Black hair and blue eyes are my favorite combination.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Marriage can wait, education cannot.
The past beats inside me like a second heart.
Instructions for living a life. Pay attention.
Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear.
For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary.
We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness.
Humans see what they want to see.
Accept who you are; and revel in it.
Go then, there are other worlds than these.
There is no shortage of fault to be found amid our stars.
Sometimes people use thought to not participate in life.
The real world is where the monsters are.
It is such a mysterious place, the land of tears.
Mothers are all slightly insane.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
Always try to keep a patch of sky above your life.
True friends are always together in spirit.
Life is too short to be lived badly.
Reserving judgements is a matter of infinite hope.
Once there was a tree, and she loved a little boy.
Maybe all the strings inside him broke.
Thus with a kiss I die.
I am catastrophically in love with you.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
I have not the pleasure of understanding you.
Moonlight drowns out all but the brightest stars.
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
We need never be ashamed of our tears.
Joy is the best makeup.
Set wide the window. Let me drink the day.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
Go, my book, and help destroy the world as it is.
Cats are connoisseurs of comfort.
All knowledge hurts.
Can’t repeat the past?…Why of course you can!
When I fall in love, it will be forever.
You are what you believe yourself to be.
You see, one loves the sunset when one is so sad.
So what? All writers are lunatics!
Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
There is always something left to love.
The world spins. We stumble on. It is enough.
My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.
Just kissing? How quickly you dismiss our love.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
How we need another soul to cling to.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
I know all about endings. It is beginnings that elude me.
Common sense is not so common.
Life sucks, and then you die...
Am I alive and a reality, or am I but a dream?
After all this time? Always...
My heart is so tired.
From even the greatest of horrors irony is seldom absent.
Songs are as sad as the listener.
Here lies Dobby, a free elf.
People are always ruining things for you.
I mean, you could claim that.
Life is only precious because it ends, kid.
I think we ought to live happily ever after.
Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time.
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
My mate. Death incarnate. Night triumphant.
Let the wild rumpus start!
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will.
You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
A map says to you.
We are all worthy of one another.
A book is a dream that you hold in your hands.
...her dearest friends are characters in books.
Nothing burns like the cold.
I enjoyed the meetings, too. It was like having friends.
Tyger! Tyger! burning bright In the forests of the night.
How I wish I lived in a Jane Austen novel!
All serious daring starts from within.
Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
In the face of pain there are no heroes.
My skin has turned to porcelain, to ivory, to steel.
I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning.
Heaven would never be heaven without you.
All truly great thoughts are conceived while walking.
Who says life is fair, where is that written?
You have been the last dream of my soul.
There is no sin except stupidity.
I was supposed to be having the time of my life.
I now walk into the wild.
It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
There is a way to be good again...
One was a book thief. The other stole the sky.
Things never happen the same way twice.
The risen sun too bright in her losing eyes.
No friendship is an accident.
Try to be a filter, not a sponge.
When all else fails, give up and go to the library.
What matters to you defines your mattering.
We lie best when we lie to ourselves.
Curiouser and curiouser.
You forget, darling. I the local psychopath. ―.
Laughter is poison to fear.
I honestly have no idea how to live without you.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
It is not the same thing to be good and to be kind.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
Yes! said Fang, punching the air. Freaks rule.
Love is many things none of them logical.
Did Brother Zachariah just steal our cat?
Art, art of any kind, shows that folks are trying.
A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities.
I ask not for any crown But that which all may win;.
So we drove on toward death through the cooling twilight.
The brightest flame casts the darkest shadow.
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
I do not believe in God and I am not an atheist.
Big Brother is Watching You.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
I was a victim of a series of accidents, as are we all.
Children see magic because they look for it.
Life changes in the instant. The ordinary instant.
Too weird to live, too rare to die!
When in doubt, go to the library.
Do not seek revenge and call it justice.
Wit is the unexpected copulation of ideas.
Your now is not your forever.
I’ve learned that home isn’t a place, it’s a feeling.
Till this moment I never knew myself.
People always clap for the wrong reasons.
There is no greater sorrow.
Do anything, but let it produce joy.
I guess there are never enough books.
Every flight begins with a fall.
The only difference between.
Even nothing cannot last forever.
It was her religion to make the best of everything.
Never to go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Why is love intensified by absence?
They do not love that do not show their love.
Anything is better than lies and deceit!
Impropriety is the soul of wit.
Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.
How far should a person go in the name of true love?
When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else.
Invisible things are the only realities.
I know so many last words. But I will never know hers.
Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle.
To be alive at all is to have scars.
He was ordinary in a world that loved the extraordinary.
The best lies were always mixed with truth.
One may smile, and smile, and be a villain.
Why am I covered in feathers.
Clever as the Devil and twice as pretty.
All extremes of feeling are allied with madness.
I held you in my hands, Wanderer, and you were beautiful.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
You have to believe. Otherwise, it will never happen.
If by my life or death I can protect you, I will.
Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
I claim you, Aelin. To whatever end.
It takes strength and courage to admit the truth.
If you never saw the stars, candles were enough.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
Dogs and angels are not very far apart.
Science is magic that works.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
Clary, Jocelyn said. I want you to meet Tessa Gray.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.
I crossed the street to walk in the sunshine.
Tell the sun and stars hello for me.
Presume not that I am the thing I was.
I told Tantalus to go chase a doughnut.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
I said hello to the poodle.
It’s much easier not to know things sometimes.
Sometimes human places, create inhuman monsters.
Chance encounters are what keep us going.
Nothing like watching your relatives fight, I always say.
Cynics are simply thwarted romantics.
Write with the door closed, rewrite with the door open.
There is not love of life without despair about life.
Would it hurt to die?
The person you became with her is worth being.
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
Even for me life had its gleams of sunshine.
All this happened, more or less.
This book was written using 100% recycled words.
Only the Dead stay seventeen forever.
Beauty fades, but cooking is eternal.
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar.
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined.
The greatest enemy is one that has nothing to lose.
Seeking what is true is not seeking what is desirable.
The distance is nothing when one has a motive.
How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
There is more to living than.
They sicken of the calm who know the storm.
The sea does not like to be restrained.
There is no perfection only life.
I will follow you to the ends of the world.
That smile could end wars and cure cancer.
Suspecting and knowing are not the same.
We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything.
It unscrews the other way.
Nobody wants to be here and nobody wants to leave.
Procrastination is the thief of time, collar him.
It all ends in tears anyway.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
It was a pleasure to burn.
Nothing is ever certain.
Dreams can be dangerous things.
Delaying death is one of my favorite hobbies.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
You are what what you eat eats.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
You can never love someone as much as you miss them.
A single metaphor can give birth to love.
Peace is always beautiful.
We need hope, or else we cannot endure.
Words without experience are meaningless.
Let me be that I am and seek not to alter me.
There are no safe choices. Only other choices.
Run mad as often as you choose, but do not faint!
The head is too wise. The heart is all fire.
Did I do anything last night that suggested I was sane?
What you risk reveals what you value.
I am a better person when I have less on my plate.
Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well.
Does it bother you, me being half naked all the time?
She loved mysteries so much that she became one.
Each time you happen to me all over again.
He liked her; it was as simple as that.
For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here.
Nothing captures human interest more than human tragedy.
A bruise is a lesson... and each lesson makes us better.
Brevity is the soul of lingerie.
Tell me, what is it you plan to do.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Excellent! I cried. Elementary, said he.
It is not down on any map; true places never are.
There are no ordinary moments.
The things I do for love.
Neither love nor evil conquers all, but evil cheats more.
Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.
Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe.
Love wins, love always wins.
Our minds sometimes see what our hearts wish were true.
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
There is scarcely any passion without struggle.
He was the toast to her butter.
It was better to know the worst than to wonder.
What are we after all our dreams, after all our memories?
I discover myself on the verge of a usual mistake.
Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.
Love is a contradiction.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
Love means to see the one you love happy.
Very early in my life it was too late.
I hope you told him you were bitten by a gay spider.
Believing takes practice.
Trusting is hard. Knowing who to trust, even harder.
There is truth in wine and children.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
Humankind cannot bear very much reality.
It was not, after all, so easy to die.
All knowledge is worth having.
...time was not passing...it was turning in a circle...
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
In the morning it was morning and I was still alive.
Things are always better in the morning.
I am not the one of us who has no heart.
I knew nothing but shadows and I thought them to be real.
Beautiful insane in the rain.
There is no God and we are his prophets.
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
You are your best thing.
What you fear most of all is —fear. Very wise...
We just did an awesome job of not dying.
Revenge is a dish that tastes best when served cold.
We just did an awesome job of not dying.
Of course I loved books more than people.
Any fool can make a rule And any fool will mind it.
Celebrity is a mask that eats into the face.
Anyone who ever gave you confidence, you owe them a lot.
Like some wines our love could neither mature nor travel.
We are as indestructible as we believe ourselves to be.
We did everything adults would do. What went wrong?
A paper town for a paper girl.
Pain is only what you allow it to be.
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.
Does truth have a moral?
We each survive in our own way.
He who hurries through life hurries to his grave.
Oh holy alien babies everywhere!
Some are born great, others achieve greatness.
I love acting. It is so much more real than life.
To travel is worth any cost or sacrifice.
Remember that you are a wolf. And you cannot be caged.
We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.
What’s comin’ will come, an’ we’ll meet it when it does.
People run from rain but sit in bathtubs full of water.
We tell ourselves stories in order to live.
You are in every line I have ever read.
A cup of tea would restore my normality.
I have an Augustus Waters fetish.
Make me into anything, but just love me.
We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself.
Love loves to love love.
That which yields is not always weak.
Find good in what the world says is evil.
You chose us. Now we have to choose you.
There is a reason why all things are as they are.
People are too complicated to have simple labels.
Education is a system of imposed ignorance.
I am terrified by this dark thing that sleeps in me.
I do know who you are. I just needed to be reminded.
A truth should exist, it should not be used.
I am not bound to please thee with my answers.
We cannot change anything unless we accept it.
Words save our lives, sometimes.
Do I want to die from the inside out or the outside in?
Faith consists in believing what reason cannot.
She is the of my eyes and the sultan of my heart.
You can find magic wherever you look.
Love is a great beautifier.
Second place is a nice title for the first loser.
A prayer for the wild at heart kept in cages.
I love you to pieces, distraction, etc.
I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere appendix.
The game is afoot.
She wanted to die, but she also wanted to live in Paris.
I feel like a wet seed wild in the hot blind earth.
Give out what you most want to come back.
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.
What does your heart tell you?
Names have power.
As always, one of her books was next to her.
Love is too precious to be ashamed of.
Sometimes lies were more dependable than the truth.
Take a person’s memories, and you change who they are.
Night Triumphant- and the Stars Eternal.
And is it selfish of me to crave victory, or is it brave?
No one is ever the villain of their own story.
May the hair on your toes never fall out!
What do you despise? By this are you truly known.
I just want to not be me.
Happy endings are a luxury of fiction.
The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.
What does the brain matter compared with the heart?
The damaged loves the damaged.
Body and soul. Two different things.
I never confused what I had with what I was.
I have always found that actively loving.
My soul is in the sky.
She loved mysteries so much, that she became one.
For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit.
Sometimes I get real lonely sleeping with you.
I have spent all my life resisting the desire to end it.
To whatever end.
I vill eat nine Snikuhs bahs visout bahfing.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
I lost myself the moment I found you.
God knows we’re all drawn to what’s beautiful and broken.
I may be irresponsible but I am a good irresponsible.
Sweets to the sweet.
Never do anything yourself that others can do for you.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
We teachers are rather good at magic, you know.
The wounds that never heal can only be mourned alone.
The entrance to the Underworld is in Los Angeles.
Nothing you do for children is ever wasted.
The building was on fire, and it wasn’t my fault.
At last, the wheel comes full circle.
Never regret thy fall, O Icarus of the fearless flight.
Being a mother is an attitude, not a biological relation.
Youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.
Happy endings are still endings.
Change is one thing. Acceptance is another.
Between the wish and the thing the world lies waiting.
I am a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a stick.
It can only take a moment to waste the rest of your life.
Every life has one true love snapshot.
Everything in life is just for a while.
Those whom we most love are often the most alien to us.
When she awoke, the world was on fire.
She made herself stronger by fighting with the wind.
Daddy will explain. Come, he is blowing up monsters.
I was feeling the height of bitchiness.
Crowns do queer things to the heads beneath them.
I have never heard a more eloquent silence.
Dogs do speak, but only to those who know how to listen.
Friends don’t spy; true friendship is about privacy, too.
You have my whole heart. You always did.
Every real story is a never ending story.
I love you, I said, and stabbed him.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
These violent delights have violent ends.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
Even bad books are books and therefore sacred.
Love simply is.
Perhaps without the lows, the highs could not be reached.
With writing, we have second chances.
Good fighting with you, Seaweed Brain. Ditto.
Without music, life would be a blank to me.
Better be without sense than misapply it as you do.
Blessed are the dumbfucks.
Memory is the happiness of being alone.
This is home. The two of us.
They lived and laughed and loved and left.
I lost you once, I think I can do it again.
Look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else.
Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.
Can you honestly love a dishonest thing?
I am always in love.
How beautiful it is and how easily it can be broken.
It is always fatal to have music or poetry interrupted.
When you are crazy you learn to keep quiet.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
It has always been forever, for me, Sassenach.
When the Gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers.
Life is problems. Living is solving problems.
You are my salvation, Feyre.
Reality denied comes back to haunt.
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
Is anyone anywhere happy?
Entropy increases. Things fall apart.
Part of me is made of glass, and also, I love you.
Life is wasted on the living.
Better a witty fool, than a foolish wit.
We all float down here!
Eating was hard. Breathing was hard. Living was hardest.
Progress just means bad things happen faster.
When in doubt, choose to live.
I do not know everything; still many things I understand.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
People are only mean when they are threatened.
The road goes ever on and on.
Dogeared pages were Antichrist of book lovers everywhere.
I will be calm. I will be mistress of myself.
It is better to be feared than loved.
Ask us no questions and we’ll tell you no lies.
You must be the best judge of your own happiness.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
I wanted to be where nobody I knew could ever come.
Physical love is unthinkable without violence.
Things are rough all over.
The devil is not as black as he is painted.
Memories, even bittersweet ones, are better than nothing.
The baby bat Screamed out in fright.
Start with the end in mind.
I am who I am and I have the need to be.
Eragon asked. ―.
Death should take me while I am in the mood.
Your soul is the whole world.
For she had eyes and chose me.
God always offers us a second chance in life.
There is prodigious strength in sorrow and despair.
I know simply that the sky will last longer than I.
Love is a possible strength in an actual weakness.
In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!
You will always be my always.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
To forget a friend is sad. Not everyone has had a friend.
You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!
And now, cried Max, let the wild rumpus start!
Ask her if she still keeps all her kings in the back row.
Did you enjoy the sight of me kneeling before you?
In memory, everything seems to happen to music.
But she was her own champion now.
I try all things, I achieve what I can.
Zeus looked like a really buff, really angry hippie.
He is ugly and sad... but he is all love.
Nothing in this world happens by chance.
Go wisely and slowly. Those who rush stumble and fall.
Into the sky to win or die.
My life is a reading list.
Love is never any better than the lover.
Chaos is merely order waiting to be deciphered.
A CD. How quaint. We have these in museums.
You gain power by pretending to be weak.
I don’t know what you’re feeling. I won’t even pretend.
One need not be a chamber to be haunted.
And as to me, I know nothing else but miracles.
Writing stories is a kind of magic, too.
Who wills, Can.
I have to return some videotapes.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Time will explain.
Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it.
No one is ever satisfied where he is.
We are greater than the sum of our parts.
Keep passing the open windows.
There are only two mantras, yum and yuck, mine is yum.
The death of a beloved is an amputation.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
Life will defend itself no matter how small it is.
When it comes to the past, everyone writes fiction.
...logical validity is not a guarantee of truth.
Love cannot live where there is no trust.
Life moves on and so should we.
Sticking with your family is what it a family.
I would prefer not to.
I open at the close.
If no words come, you can always give him the finger.
Drink the milk.
We often confuse what we wish for with what is.
They thought I had guts they were wrong.
Nothing in life is worth.
Find you, love you, marry you, and live without shame.
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage.
Going back to something is harder than you think.
We all create stories to protect ourselves.
Perhaps it takes courage to raise children..
The light of morning decomposes everything.
Was insanity just a matter of dropping the act?
Life is the most spectacular show on earth ♥.
Looking at her is like waking up.
Be worthy love, and love will come.
Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war!
But what I do I do because I like to do.
She was always waiting, it seemed to be her forte.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
I have stolen ideas from every book I have ever read.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
The truth is the thing I invented so I could live.
If he be Mr. Hyde he had thought, I shall be Mr. Seek.
What we do comes out of who we believe we are.
What do stars do? They shine.
You can think clearly only with your clothes on.
Kitten, your mind is a terrible and dirty place.
I was too young to know how to love her.
You should be kissed everyday, every hour, every minute.
I’ve chosen my life — now I want to start living it.
Sieges weathered, fight together, friends forever.
To love is to lose control.
Vampires. They wrote the book on possessive.
Then everyone can call you Six.
Life is such a glorious trauma, is it not?
Loneliness becomes an acid that eats away at you.
Collective madness is called sanity ..
The only power that exists is inside ourselves.
The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.
Even a fool learns something once it hits him.
Why is the measure of love loss?
Like and equal are not the same thing at all.
Be calm. God awaits you at the door.
People do the damndest things when they’re in love.
The history of melancholia includes all of us.
When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
You speak of destiny as if it was fixed.
I never change, except in my affections.
All good things in life are fragile and easily lost.
Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways.
Have fun storming the castle!
We all have souls of different ages.
Despair has its own calms.
Hope clouds observation.
Every hero is the villain of his own story.
There must be more to life than having everything!
And then I decided I was a lemon for a couple of weeks.
Quoth the Raven, Nevermore.
Nothing is lost...Everything is transformed.
...for my greatest skill has been to want but little.
Kindness can thrive even amongst cruelty.
Everything is nothing, with a twist.
Where is Aelin. Where is my wife?
Ignorance is the parent of fear.
Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!
In every end, there is also a beginning.
Regrets are illuminations come too late.
You could rattle the stars.
Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea.
Beauty is the illumination of your soul.
I do not know what it is about you that closes.
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
The changes we dread most may contain our salvation.
I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
Innocence is a kind of insanity.
Finally there is nothing here for death to take away.
Nuns freak me out.
Oh, the thinks you can think!
To laugh is to live profoundly.
Having a brain hurt so much sometimes.
I feel guilty for being a member of the human race.
I was as hollow and empty as the spaces between stars.
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Your head is full of kelp.
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost.
Get smart and nothing can touch you.
And they all lived happily to the end of their days.
What exactly is the function of a rubber duck?
Love as thou wilt.
What are we? Humans? Or animals? Or savages?
You know what they say about boys next door...
I commend my soul to any god that can find it.
People are more than just the way they look.
To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect.
But no one came. Because no one ever does.
It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.
Exit, pursued by a bear.
I see what is right and approve, but I do what is wrong.
Goodness is about what you do. Not who you pray to.
These fragments I have shored against my ruins.
Everything I know, I know because of love.
I have found God, but he is insufficient.
To be natural is such a very difficult pose to keep up.
The only way to overcome sadness is to consume it.
Seriously, who has monogrammed pajamas?
The sea, the snotgreen sea, the scrotumtightening sea.
My mother is a fish.
If only my heart were stone.
The lovely flowers embarrass me.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
Everyone shines, given the right lighting.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
Who wants flowers when youre dead? nobody.
I write this sitting in the kitchen sink.
Purple does something strange to me.
I prefer to be left alone with my books.
Who wants flowers when youre dead? nobody.
There was a star danced, and under that was I born.
What really matters is what you believe.
Life is easy to chronicle, but bewildering to practice.
Nothing is funnier than unhappiness.
We agreed to love each other madly.
Nothing is more frightening than a fear you cannot name.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain.
The early summer sky was the color of cat vomit.
She was a cyborg, and she would never go to a ball.
All shall be done, but it may be harder than you think.
Words are wind.
To be alive is to be missing.
Some wounds run too deep for the healing.
Convinced myself, I seek not to convince.
A coward judges all he sees by what he is.
I love, therefore I am vulnerable.
I exist, that is all, and I find it nauseating.
What is any ocean but a multitude of drops?
Everyone on earth has a treasure that awaits him.
He who controls the spice controls the universe.
A great hope fell.
Potential has a shelf life.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Respect the past; you never know how it may affect you.
Growing up is hard, love. Otherwise everyone would do it.
We teach best what we most need to learn.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
The peace sign is with two fingers not one.
I assure you, my friends, I am cone sold stober.
The wait is long, my dream of you does not end.
She was not one for emptying her face of expression.
Revolution is not a one time event.
Reading is probably another way of being in a place.
When they give you lined paper, write the other way.
False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
I enjoy my anger, it’s the only hobby I have.
To love makes one solitary.
It’s just words and words mean nothing. Only action does.
Her absence is like the sky, spread over everything.
One can forgive but one should never forget.
Some things are hard to let go of.
Things are never as bad as they seem.
Loneliness will sit over our roofs with brooding wings.
So he stalked her again. Love makes hunters of us all.
I stole her heart away and put ice in its place.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
If a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Truth is a matter of the imagination.
The presence of God is the finest of rewards.
Love is keeping the promise anyway.
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark.
Great, Percy said. I always wanted to be glue.
We cannot build the future by avenging the past.
They yearn for what they fear for.
It is a thousand pities never to say what one feels.
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
The future belongs to crowds.
You were made to be kissed, often and well.
Holding on to things only breaks your heart.
She was stronger alone…
Wear your heart on your skin in this life.
Dally was so real he scared me.
It never made sense for you to love me.
Grinning like a necrophiliac in a morgue.
Goodnight you princes of Maine, you kings of New England.
My shining dishonesty will be the salvation of me.
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
Some people have more guts than brains.
I feel like the word shatter.
Open your eyes and then open your eyes again.
I can have oodles of charm when I want to.
But the first lesson reading teaches is how to be alone.
Maybe weakness is a strength of a kind.
Belief is the wound that knowledge heals.
What I need... is a strong drink and a peer group.
Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception.
I wonder if you can refuse to inherit the world.
Life is more fun if you play games.
To new beginnings. To the pursuit of...somethingness.
In the midst of life, we are in death.
I think I wished for you all of my life.
Out of my sight! Thou dost infect mine eyes.
The tragedy is not to die, but to be wasted.
Out of my sight! Thou dost infect mine eyes.
Maybe he thinks he can rescue me? No one is that stupid.
Success is... knowing your purpose in life.
Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?
What if reality is nothing but some disease?
In black ink my love may still shine bright.
I love. I have loved. I will love.
Into the eternal darkness, into fire and into ice.
People are never perfect, but love can be.
Words are the source of misunderstandings.
Time moves in it special way in the middle of the night.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
Power was my weakness and my temptation.
Suspicion often creates what it suspects.
Knowledge and ability were tools, not things to show off.
Words never mean what we want them to mean.
Nothing’s more fun than being carried away.
You don’t understand — there are things worth dying for!
No wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.
The love of knowledge is a kind of madness.
What are you? I rasped. It smiled. Whatever scares you.
I offered to pee on him, but they said no.
I began to measure things in absence instead of presence.
After awhile you could get used to anything.
Shall we dance,friend of my heart? We shall, little one.
Everybody must have a fantasy.
There is nothing perfect...only life.
Yours in demigodishness, and all that. Peace out!
The unseen enemy is always the most fearsome.
Every moment before this one depends on this one.
Her only way home was to betray her friend.
You confuse not speaking with not listening.
I am a cemetery by the moon unblessed.
Misery loves company, and madness calls it forth.
It would be so nice if something made sense for a change.
Forgiveness is not a feeling; it is a commitment.
Love? What is it? Most natural painkiller what there is.
What hurts us is what heals us.
The joke is, we all have the same punchline.
Everything around me makes me miss you.
False hopes are more dangerous than fears.
I wish my horse had the speed of your tongue.
We are nearer to him than his jugular vein.
Only the forgotten are truly dead.
Only to live, to live and live! Life, whatever it may be!
She was fury, she was wrath, she was vengeance.
My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer.
Time cant be given. But it can be shared.
That which is imagined can never be lost.
What you are to do without me I cannot imagine.
They have made you into monsters. Manon. .
Good fiction creates its own reality.
No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.
Heart and head are contrary historians.
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
One choice can transform you.
To light a candle is to cast a shadow...
You were never poor as long as you had something to love.
I belong wherever I want to be.
Yeah, about the test...
And so the lion fell in love with the lamb.
Noseless and Handless, the Lannister Boys.
Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
I love you above all things, even pie.
Let’s go rattle the stars.
The future is just wasted on some people.
If the sky could dream, it would dream of dragons.
And he says I have lousy timing.
What am I doing here in this endless winter?
Some things come with their own punishments.
I hope that death contains less than this.
Those who forget the past are condemned to repeat it.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected.
I wonder how many times each day she dies a little.
I will not walk backward in life.
We can never flee the misery that is within us.
How dare you imprint on my baby? Have you lost you mind?
Mr. Duffy lived a short distance from his body.
You Titans are about as bright as my gym socks.
Deep down, the young are lonelier than the old.
It seems only yesterday I used to believe.
My heart is lost; the beasts have eaten it.
It was him or me. I chose me. But I feel dead too.
People are only what they think of themselves.
Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!
Regret is mostly caused by not having done anything.
How can one be well...when one suffers morally?
This is not for you.
Excellent. They were flammable.
Music is my drug, the one thing that makes me numb.
And I fell violently on my face.
Sunset is the saddest light there is.
Life is a nightmare.
Do it from the heart or not at all.
The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.
The wise speak only of what they know.
It seemed like a nice neighborhood to have bad habits in.
Nothing in this world happens by chance.
Would you like a cough drop Dolores?
Decapitation is not a healthy lifestyle choice.
Everything intelligent is so boring.
Half of bravery is perspective.
Every heart has its own skeletons.
The right choice is hardly ever the easy choice.
To those whom much is given, much is expected.
The better you look, the more you see.
Three turns should do it.
She lay in the dark and knew everything.
The heart is a strange beast and not ruled by logic.
I is the hardest word to define.
He is the cheese to my macaroni.
Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter.
I speak for the trees, for the trees have no tongues.
Males are horrible creatures, aren’t they?
Without love we all like birds with broken wings.
You see, she had absolutely nowhere else to go.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
The prince of darkness is a gentleman!
In a world like this one, only the random makes sense.
The only things you learn are the things you tame.
Scars speak more loudly than the sword that caused them.
Power is much easier to acquire than it is to hold on to.
The universe is wider than our views of it.
If you conquer yourself, then you conquer the world.
If you conquer yourself, then you conquer the world.
Always winter but never Christmas.
In nonsense is strength.
The enemy is always in the mind.
In every way that counted, I failed him.
Wide acceptance of an idea is not proof of its validity.
To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
He never fell, never slipped back, never flew. ―.
That I shall love always, I argue thee.
He wants to put his story next to hers.
Comfort is for the lazy and the ugly. Aphrodite.
And the tree was happy.
Love, that moves the sun and the other stars.
And at long last, Aelin Ashryver Galathynius was home.
The wheel weaves as the wheel wills.
I need you to be happy. I need one of us to be happy.
This inhuman place makes human monsters.
The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.
I will remember the kisses, our lips raw with love.
Leave this world... a better place than how you found it.
Secrecy begets tyranny.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Nothing is more real than nothing.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
And always, there was the magic of learning things.
The gift of words is the gift of deception and illusion.
How do you defeat terrorism? Don’t be terrorized.
Maturity starts with the willingness to give oneself.
Your trusting idiocy knows no bounds.
What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
Who would you be but who you are?
Keep cool but care.
Books, the children of the brain.
All things are ready, if our mind be so.
Hope. Nothing is more intoxicating.
It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love.
Love is the most selfish of all the passions.
Dogs have their day but cats have 365.
One fine day a predatory world shall consume itself.
Never let anyone know what you are thinking.
She was a girl with a mountain to climb.
Love was the most savage monster of all.
Everything not forbidden is compulsory.
Nothing is ever perfect. It is what you make of it.
You are what you believe yourself to be.
The horror! The horror!
Was Paco in here?
The difference is that was then, this is now.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
Intention, good or bad, is not enough.
I wonder what ants do on rainy days?
We all dream of things we cannot have.
Many a true word hath been spoken in jest.
In this room the hours of love still make shadows.
Mistrust all enterprises that require new clothes.
One may know how to conquer without being able to do it.
Life is no way to treat an animal.
Stupid, shiny Volvo owner.
Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
There isnt always an explanation for everything.
The rest, is silence.
What do I believe that I deserve in this life?
Without forgetting it is quite impossible to live at all.
It is better to burn than to disappear.
WORDS IN THE HEART CANNOT BE TAKEN.
Humor was a good way to hide the pain.
If only I were as good at life as I am at the internet.
Words could be just as deadly as steel.
Only a fool is not afraid.
Words, madmoiselle, are only the outer clothing of ideas.
Luck has a way of evaporating when you lean on it.
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
I measured love by the extent of my jealousy.
The only way someone can leave you is if you let them.
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
Do you often sleep tied to the bed?
I miss us, too. I always have, and probably always will.
Do not be afraid of what makes you shine brightly.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
It was a crazy idea. But, as usual, that’s all Percy had.
Stories are a different kind of true.
My eyes were glued on life and they were full of tears.
Two turtle doves will show thee Where my cold ashes lie.
The song was born on her breathe and died at her lips.
There is no greater glory than to die for love.
She was made for untidy rooms and rumpled beds.
Everyone sounded the same when they died.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
I spy with my little eye a great story.
She was elusive. She was today. She was tomorrow.
It is awful to want to go away and to want to go nowhere.
I desired dragons with a profound desire.
Hunger is the best sauce in the world.
Only the children know what they are looking for.
There is always time for another last minute.
He hadn’t left, and apparently, Seth was a cuddler.
Hatred is so much closer to love than indifference.
Now are the woods all black, But still the sky is blue.
And the poem, I think, is only your voice speaking.
Love is wiser than wisdom.
Use your head; cut off theirs.
One choice can transform you!
She kept watching the words.
The most ordinary things could be made extraordinary.
Dreams, you know, are what you wake up from.
He was jealous of her future, and she of his past.
Everything depends on upbringing.
That I will bow before no one and nothing but my crown.
The people who can destroy a thing, they control it.
For a host, above all, must be kind to his guests.
I was born amazing.
What an unequaled gift for disaster you have.
A storm is coming. A great storm.
Why am I always looking at life through a window?
There are no explanations for human evil. Only excuses.
He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.
If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.
Is this guy Love or Death? Jason growled. Cupid said.
If love is great, then it is worth fighting for.
I make a bad mom, but I can pull off a crazy aunt.
Sometimes I see me dead in the rain.
No matter how perfect the day is, it always has to end.
I am dead to them, even though I once flowered.
Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco.
Life did not stop, and one had to live.
The media is the right arm of anarchy.
Would you like to hear the night i bravely fought the-.
Am I not ninja enough? Are you saying that I lack ninja?
Those who follow the crowd usually get lost in it.
Putting out the stars and extinguishing the sun.
If you never noticed, it never happened.
I never said it would be easy. Giving up is easy.
Only lies offend me, never honest counsel.
In every community, there is work to be done.
To forbid us anything is to make us have a mind for it.
History admits no rules; only outcomes.
Wildness is the preservation of the World.
You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us?
Random questions are the least random of all questions.
Some things were better lost than found.
Kings are the slaves of history.
For every fact there is an infinity of hypotheses.
Life begins at night.
Cats, as you know, are quite impervious to threats.
Be the weirdo who dares to enjoy.
Where there is no imagination, there is no horror.
Happiness, like unhappiness, is a proactive choice.
First we feel. Then we fall.
No, no, Leo said. Rainbows. Very macho.
Food that walked and talked, that was us. McPeople.
Thou and I are too wise to woo peaceably.
What a blessing it is to love books.
Sometimes the embers are better than the campfire.
For what are we born if not to aid one another?
Maybe Alexander Lightwood would not break his heart.
Sad stories make good books.
First with the head, then with the heart.
Is all that we see or seem But a dream within a dream?
You should name him Fezzik. Inconceivable.
Gods, I love it when you talk mathy to me.
The truth is a bully we all pretend to like.
Kids chase the love that eludes them.
Punctuality is for people with nothing better to do.
You cannot miss what you have never had.
Who is it that can tell me who I am?
God is the same everywhere.
Because hers was not a story of darkness.
Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson.
Frank held up the Chinese handcuffs. Keep it simple.
I thought you hung the moon.
Lonely was much better than alone.
Curving back within myself I create again and again.
Denial is an ugly thing.
She who saves a single soul, saves the universe.
All heroes are shadows of Christ.
As long as I can dream, I will dream of you.
God is an experience of supreme love.
You should be kissed and by someone who knows how.
I wanted to live among books.
Snoring keeps the monsters away.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die.
Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.
Behind every successful fortune there is a crime.
He that loves pleasure must for pleasure fall.
It was a silly, silly dream, being unhappy.
I am yours, and you are mine.
She was a wolf. She was death, devourer of the worlds.
I had no choice. Love does funny things to people.
Survival is the ability to swim in strange water.
Now I will believe that there are unicorns...
Love is the whole and more than all.
The stuff adults tell you not to do is the easiest.
Kabul is... a thousand tragedies per square mile.
The hamster called. He wants his home back.
The hardest thing on earth is choosing what matters.
Likest thou jelly within thy doughnut?
Something that is loved is never lost.
The beauty of things must be that they end.
Why bother with a cunning plan when a simple one will do?
They call her my singer—because her blood sings for me.
Ultimate horror often paralyses memory in a merciful way.
Pirates could happen to anyone.
When everything was beautiful and nothing hurt...
Was there ever a trap to match the trap of love?
The greatest fear of Jonathan is the.
Today in my heart a vague trembling of stars.
I don’t know how to be silent when my heart is speaking.
A screaming comes across the sky.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
He wrote on a piece of paper with his pencil.
When we hope, we usually hope for the wrong thing.
All love stories are the same.
The merit of all things lies in their difficulty.
Bad taste makes more millionaires than good taste.
No art is possible without a dance with death, he wrote.
We forget very easily what gives us pain.
Your very flesh shall be a great poem...
Longing hearts could only stand so much longing.
O, full of scorpions is my mind!
The ones that hurt the most always say the least.
For me to see is to read. It has always been that way.
Whether it hurts is kind of irrelevant.
For the future, the motto is, No days unalert.
Time is Galleons, little brother.
A red sun rises. Blood has been spilled this night.
The text has disappeared under the interpretation.
The Devil hath power To assume a pleasing shape.
Am I sleeping? Have I slept at all? This is insomnia.
Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!
Home is where they want you to stay longer.
Dont be afraid of death, be afraid of the unlived life.
From there we came outside and saw the stars.
Every human heart beat is a universe of possibilities.
She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.
Life will find a way.
Understanding is a kind of ecstasy.
Death frees from the fear of dying.
Dive deep. Drown willingly.
Life sucks, and then you die. Yeah, I should be so lucky.
Sometimes taking time is actually a shortcut.
I have a strong will to love you for eternity.
Marriage is for noblewomen with nothing else to do.
Metaphors are lies.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Nothing resembles a person as much as the way he dies.
You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside.
Even as your body betrays you, your mind denies it.
In this treacherous world Nothing is the truth nor a lie.
In a course of a lifetime, what does it matter?
This is not an exit.
To want is to have a weakness.
He is strong, and lithe, and certain. And he is mine.
Break hearts, not promises.
Only in books do we learn what’s really going on.
I want to be with you forever and beyond...
Fiction is an improvement on life.
Oh, shut up Weatherby.
Power attracts the corruptible. Suspect any who seek it.
Too excited to be genuinely happy.
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece.
Some kisses are worth living for.
Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
It was like drowning, only from the inside out.
See with your soul and not your eyes.
Maybe we should always assume the worst.
Love, too, has to be learned.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
I excel at pulling strings! said Arachne. I’m a spider!
In the world according to Garp, we are all terminal cases.
I can be most colorful and inventive when I am angry.
If God is for us, who can be against us?
Beauty is in the eye of the gazer.
A fickle heart is the only constant in this world.
That was the most awkward Wednesday he ever remembered.
Smash the control images. Smash the control machine.
My eyes were dazed by you for a little, and that was all.
The best is the enemy of good.
I don’t make threats. Only promises.
People can die of mere imagination.
What is life if not the shadow of a fleeting dream?
The songs of the dead are the lamentations of the living.
Lingering is so very lonely when one lingers all alone.
Thanks again for saving me. Someday, I’ll save you too.
Writing does not resurrect. It buries.
The world was to me a secret which I desired to devine.
We are all migrants through time.
Breathe properly. Stay curious. And eat your beets.
No mere human can stand in a fire and not be consumed.
Never overlook the power of simplicity.
All I think of ever is that I love you.
Today is declared an unscheduled holiday.
No person ever died that had a family.
I have no mission. No one has.
A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.
Imagine others complexly.
The Kingdom of God is Within You.
Will you stay with me? Until the very end.
Everything I know, I learned from dogs.
The muses are ghosts, and sometimes they come uninvited.
Being a hero means ignoring how silly you feel.
What would Tyler Durden do?
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
There were some memories, though, that never faded.
The world seemed to shimmer a little at the edges.
What has to do with the price of peas in Persopolis?
She is deranged, but so so playful.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
You are in a prison with no bars. I worry about you.
You are the central point about which his world spins.
Richard wrote a diary entry in his head. he began.
The day before me is fraught with God knows what horrors.
Imagination is the highest kite that can fly.
One must be cunning and wicked in this world.
This thing of darkness I Acknowledge mine.
Kind? How boring that would be. I aspire to be wicked.
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Wherever I go, I will speak of you with love.
Charity ... is the opium of the privileged.
What people consider precious is different for everybody.
Hold on, the riders told the world. Hold on.
She is written in a foreign tongue.
So few people did good in their lives. It was depressing.
We fool ourselves so much we could do it for a living.
They confused beauty with innocence and harmlessness.
Nothing less than 7 inches.
Does it make you feel big to make a little boy cry?
Life stand still here.
Some stories, you use up. Others use you up.
Let the guilt teach you how to behave next time.
Hope is not an illusion.
You must always know what it is that you want.
Do you think amethysts can be the souls of good violets?
Light always underestimates the viciousness of Darkness.
Sometimes, the hardest thing was doing nothing.
Stories are light. Light is precious in a world so dark.
And love is a word used too much and much too soon.
Enough or not...it will have to do.
The truth was obscure.
All those layers of silence upon silence.
Let them tremble in fear at what they had awoken.
The finger cut, to save the hand.
I wish I had no heart, it aches so…
Everything that happens before Death is what counts.
Try to live so that you can always tell the truth.
Home is not where you are born;.
Nothing is more terrifying than fearlessness.
There is no story that is not true.
Love is a dangerous angel.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Speak of the devil, and the devil shall appear.
Patience to the spider.
Until death it is all life.
Nature is to zoos as God is to churches.
I am in love with Hope.
The more you defend a lie, the angrier you become.
To understand all is to forgive all.
It seemed better to delay thinking.
I like the truth, even when it does trouble me.
One should never underestimate the power of books.
It provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance.
First of all, it was October, a rare month for boys.
Sometimes you have to know when to let hope go.
Scenery without solace is meaningless.
There is no safety this side of the grave.
Her smile put the sunflower to shame.
There is no safety this side of the grave.
To be more precise it was the color of heartache.
I will not calm down!
To condense fact from the vapor of nuance.
Thou art a very ragged Wart.
I was more alone than if I had been alone.
Inspiration is always a surprising visitor.
If we truly trust no one, we cannot survive.
Wherever we are, we are as one.
Time erodes gratitude more quickly than it does beauty!
Intellect is not wisdom.
When she wanted to escape her life, she read books.
I have never been able to resist a book about books.
Are you happy?
It is better to forget about yourself altogether.
Wisdom...is knowing what you have to accept.
An appreciative listener is always stimulating.
He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
Sometimes when you open a book, time stops.
Any love that is love is right.
All was well.
He was a silent fury who no torment could tame.
Out, damned spot! out, I say!
I want some time without you organic life forms.
I inhale hope with every breath I take.
I want to live but I want to die. What do I do?
To be or not to be that is the question.
Funerals...are for the living.
Put your badass faces on and follow me.
To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job.
We are not strangers to ourselves, we only try to be.
Where do the ducks go in the winter?
You have to keep recycling yourself.
Come, Watson, come! he cried. The game is afoot.
Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas.
Morality, too, is a question of time.
Memory believes before knowing remembers.
Madness, and then illumination.
The journey is the treasure.
I knew it would be you.
There are no wrong roads to anywhere.
Rebellion cannot exist without a strange form of love.
I can elect something I love and absorb myself in it.
Be a good animal,true to your instincts.
Thank you for nothing, you stupid reptile.
That hurt querida, that really hurt.
You are worth about 3 dollars worth in chemicals.
You are an analog girl, living in a digital world.
The mature response to the problem of existence is love.
I watch with breaking heart as you slowly fade away.
The wounded recognized the wounded.
We are most artistically caged.
My heart cracked. Daemon never begged.
Life was not longer something to endure, but to live.
You are — truly your father’s son, Harry... .
You’d think a bit of kissing would cheer her up.
Let the unseen days be. Today is more than enough.
I am. I think. I will.
I would not put a thief in my mouth to steal my brains.
Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Maturity is highly overrated.
Time spent arguing is, oddly enough, almost never wasted.
Her grief grieved her. His devastated her.
There is no sin so great as ignorance. Remember this.
It is a bad thing to have love and nowhere to put it.
Whoever debases others is debasing himself.
Χαλεπὰ τὰ καλά Nothing beautiful without struggle. ―.
Whatever you love, that is your weakness.
If I believe I will win, then victory will believe in me.
Experiment is the mother of knowledge.
And what would you do if you met a jibboo?
I realized what a ridiculous lie my whole life has been.
Only a fool took a remote from a god.
He just raised the dead with coke and cheeseburgers.
All writers are insane!
Tell them stories.
Always live your life with your biography in mind.
It’s never too late to do the right thing.
Awake, dear heart, awake. Thou hast slept well. Awake.
How strange and how lovely it is to be anything at all.
You were never what I wanted to forget.
He is coming, and I am here.
Everything has a price.
Desire is half of life; indifference is half of death.
Have read little and understood less.
Tell them stories.
Everybody has their story to tell.
My words itch at your ears till you understand them.
Curiosity is gluttony. To see is to devour.
God knows better than we do what we need.
Truth exists, only lies have to be invented.
A life without a cause is a life without effect.
Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!
If this was love, love had been overrated.
Great results, can be achieved with small forces.
If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.
When you stop being afraid you feel good.
I dream a dream that dreams back at me.
I desire no future that will break the ties of the past.
Go to bed; tired is stupid.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
But above all, in order to be, never try to seem.
He wondered if she wondered if he were watching her.
The baboon is driving, I noted. Should I be worried?
Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
Bloodthirsty little beasts. Never trust a duck.
He wasted his wishes on wishing.
The turtle moves.
This time has finished me.
Well, label me very impressed and ship me to Carthak!
Shall I project a world?
I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.
It begins, as most things begin, with a song.
Just so you know, I’ve trusted you since camp.
Rhys had just said,.
I wanted the monster back and that was plainly wrong.
A grown child is a dangerous thing.
As you are now so once were we.
Tonight the world is yours, as am I.
A thief never makes a noise by accident.
I know myself, he cried, but that is all.
Better to love and fear than feel nothing.
The only thing that shatters dreams is compromise.
Love is the only prayer I know.
He made me love him without looking at me.
The past is obdurate.
I love you, always. Time is nothing.
Stories are like children. They grow in their own way.
The tiger lies low not from fear, but for aim. ~Wren.
Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?
Sometimes you have to lose a piece to win a game.
To love something is to destroy it forever.
I am an unspeakable of the Oscar Wilde sort.
The worst thing you can do is nothing.
Let others wage war. You, lucky Austria, shall marry.
When the past is forgotten, the present is unforgettable.
Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.
Love is merely a madness.
Understanding is but the sum of misunderstandings.
Live your life as if you may lose everything.
Science is the only religion of mankind.
I am not my body. My body is nothing without me.
The night is just a part of the day.
Bah, said Scrooge, Humbug.
We are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike.
Just snow and sapphire and ink.
Gentle he would be, denied he would not.
But fates are connected in ways we don’t understand.
In all the world, you are what I love the most.
Any place you love is the world to you.
And suddenly, she longed for a thunderstorm.
That made me happy. That was my Anchor.
A scar is a sign of strength...the sign of a survivor.
Scary with you is better than scary without you.
I am an unspeakable of the Oscar Wilde sort.
I say there is no darkness but ignorance.
The absurd is lucid reason noting its limits.
No one should be alone in their old age, he thought.
As long as you exist and I exist, I will love you.
The voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives.
The happier people can be, the unhappier they are.
Did God ever cry over his lost angel, I wonder?
Someone else always has to carry on the story.
A ghra. A amhain. My love. My only.
Life is a perpetual yesterday for us.
The tempter or the tempted, who sins most?
Everything just blows me away.
Only the most naive of questions are truly serious.
Do not trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
Soft hearts make the universe worth living in.
The dead do not hurt you; only the living do.
If per capita was a problem, decapita could be arranged.
One more creature dizzy with love.
I was in love again. I was in trouble.
But if I don’t think about love, I will be nothing.
And so the Universe ended.
The truth of the story lies in the details.
So fair and foul a day I have not seen.
I hope, or I could not live.
Since when do you have to tell the enemy when he has won.
He was never without misery, and never without hope.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
His eyes were green.
I had the metabolism of a hummingbird on crack.
All good things pass away.
In a world of extreme beauty, anyone normal is ugly.
Writing laws is easy, but governing is difficult.
Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!
We ought always to try to influence others for good.
Yes, I deserve a spring–I owe nobody nothing.
She was remorseless, but she lacked method.
Stop thinking about life and choose to live it.
Something that is yours forever is never precious.
Everything want to be loved.
A harp can be a dangerous as a sword, in the right hands.
What I learned on my own I still remember.
It is the nature of stars to cross.
Dreams are the language of God.
I could have been a great many things.
There’s always something left to lose.
They wore their strange beauty like war paint.
You are the blood of the dragon. You can make a hat.
Standing in line is a form of oppression.
She laughed, and the desert sang.
I felt for the tormented whirlwinds.
Happiness is the highest form of wisdom.
Rowan beheld all Aelin was and is, and he was not afraid.
Your number was up the first time I met you.
Have you fallen in love with wrong person yet?
A puppet is free as long as he loves his strings.
Every moment in life is an act of faith.
To each his own magic.
Love can sometimes achieve the impossible.
Little flashes of sun on the surface of a cold, dark sea.
If one is strong, one loves the more strongly.
You make me believe in the impossible.
My heart is quite calm now. I will go back.
It is impossible to erase my choices.
The road must eventually lead to the whole world.
We only asked for leopards to guard our thinning dreams.
Tired, but not the kind of tired that sleep fixes.
I am not wise, but I can always learn.
One can never have enough socks.
Thoughts are slow and deep and golden in the morning.
There is nothing to save, now all is lost.
There is, in the end, the letting go.
Where instinct fails, intellect must venture.
Hard to sit here and be close to you, and not kiss you.
Demon slayers take the subway?
Life is full of risks. Death is much simpler.
Good days, they come around the oddest corners.
The hands that help are better far than lips that pray.
Some things were beyond understanding.
Little girls. They could melt the toughest hearts.
Handsome is as handsome does.
To be brave, by definition, one has first to be afraid.
Just like moons and suns, With certainty of tides.
Feel the fear and do it anyway!
She had a bottomless well of love for me.
To rush into explanations is always a sign of weakness.
One should not seek those who do not wish to be found.
Ponder and deliberate before you make a move.
It is impossible to be both selfish and happy.
Life is a series of choices between wonders.
To make a true choice, we must have true knowledge.
Dear Anyone Who Finds This, Do not blame the drugs.
No matter the truth, people see what they want to see..
To prolong doubt was to prolong hope.
To think too much is a disease.
Her life was a tissue of vanity and deceit.
Nobody can buy a hat without gossiping.
It was easy to idealize someone you barely knew.
She had her addictions and one of them was reading.
The best thing for being sad ... is to learn something.
I wish I was a kid again, when I had all the answers.
Keeping you safe keeps me in shape.
I gave them all the truth and none of the honesty.
And the walls became the world all around.
She smiled at him, and at her own fears.
Everything passes, only truth remains.
Death comes for us all in the end.
Hagrid. You live in a wooden house!
A good laugh heals a lot of hurts.
Fear urged him to go back, but growth drove him on.
She has the gift of accepting her life.
People always loved best what they identified most with.
It is neither fair nor unfair, Nobody Owens. It simply is.
The silence was an intense roar.
Gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off.
Love is a deeper season than reason; my sweet one.
We can only learn so much and live.
Sleep comes more easily than it returns.
I was happy anywhere I could see the ocean.
He gave everything to everybody. Except to me.
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds.
The more I wonder, the more I love.
Reality was utterly coolheaded and utterly lonely.
Coffe is the perfume of morning.
Stupid human voices always ruining everything.
Every impulse we strangle will only poison us.
Mind the gap!
It was a rainy night. It was the myth of a rainy night.
Even a mistake is better than nothing.
Choosing a path means having to miss out on others.
Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!
I prefer the school of life.
A sound waiting to be a word.
...forgiving is not the same as forgetting.
Poetry and art and knowledge are sacred and pure.
The day was gray, the color of Europe.
Consistency is the defense of a small mind.
Salt. Wound. Together at last.
The mystery of the universe is not time but size.
When the going gets tough, the tough go drinking.
I refuse to let the past find me here.
The time has to be right and the heart willing.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
I woke to the sound of rain.
To keep on going, you have to keep up the rhythm.
Like all pure creatures, cats are practical.
Simply to endure is to triumph.
Positive thoughts lead to positive results.
Keys show up when you reconcile yourself to the bus...
There was a hand in the darkness, and it held a knife.
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
From fanaticism to barbarism is only one step.
Everything seems simple until you think about it.
Out of her favour, where I am in love.
The older the violin, the sweeter the music.
I heard him whisper, Eíste pánta mou...
For you know only a heap of broken images.
No one is ever holy without suffering.
Winter is the season of alcoholism and despair.
What would it take for you to go out with me?
Grace has a grand laughter in it.
A moment might be a thousand different things.
The only way to end grief was to go through it.
Pride blinds people to the truth of what they are.
All the stories are true.
Each day has a color, a smell.
Hello, Sam, she breathed onto the river breeze.
Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism.
It’s easy to be yourself in the dark.
Raw love, like raw heartache, could blindside you.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Today was a difficult day. Tomorrow will be better.
Just like a kitten that thinks its a tiger.
We understand more than we know.
Was there ever a war where only one side bled?
Lie to me by the moonlight. Do a fabulous story.
Jace raised his eyebrows. Walk of shame, boys?
And love was lightning and remembrance.
This might be the happy ending without the ending.
Dreams are manifestations of identities.
Love—love was a balm as much as it was a poison.
They left me. My parents actually left me! IN FRANCE!
I want to live life on my own terms.
All invincible and stuff.
Kat, say something insulting. Come on.
I didn’t want or expect this. But I couldn’t resist you.
Resisting is worth doing.
Everyone is special in their own way.
Qhuinn wanted to say, ―.
I analyzed you, though you did not adore me.
Most people are boring and stupid.
He reached for his pocket, and found there, only reality.
Long days and pleasant nights.
Chances are where you find them.
Nothing happened, and nothing kept happening.
It was his own grief turned magically to song.
Might I, quavered Mary, might I have a bit of earth?
If gold rusts, what then can iron do?
Chance favors the connected mind.
The zipper opened all the way down our spines.
Darkness feeds on apathy.
Was there ever a war where only one side bled?
We have three kinds of family 1.Those we are born to.
Nice Kerrick was scarier than Mean Kerrick.
The Lord of Winterfell would always be a Stark.
Faction before blood.
Those who lived by the sword were forced to die by it.
Those who cannot love do not understand it.
Writers are liars my dear, surely you know that by now?
The rabbit of Easter. He bring of the chocolate.
Who pays any attention.
But Death was cunning.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Who or what are you? Besides insufferably rude?
Meretricious. Showily attractive but cheap or insincere.
As If I could just turn my feelings off like a faucet.
As long as she wants me, I’m here.
The blood jet is poetry There is no stopping it.
This is a book about something.
...people with nothing to declare carry the most.
…there are no wrong turns, only unexpected paths.
I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
Unless there was a reason for me to stay.
What is wrong with you? Many, many things. ―.
They moved together, blue diamonds on a green field.
Love not often, but forever.
Some must be warriors, that others may live in peace.
Love was action. It came to you. It was not a choice.
Excuse me, are you the imprint of a departed soul?
Worry is a waste of emotional reserve.
Consider anything, only don’t cry!
Readers are not sheep, and not every pen tempts them.
But metaphors help eliminate what separates you and me.
It is rather exciting to write by moonlight.
At the top of the mountain we are all snow leopards.
I would rather be dead than empty.
Ashes to ashes. Garage sale to garage sale, I said.
If you knew how to cook, maybe I eat.
Now produce your explanation and pray make it improbable.
If you did not want much, there was plenty.
The more you know, the less you need.
For she doth make my veins and pulses tremble.
I thought unicorns were more ... Fluffy.
The inner eye does not see upon command.
Maybe my expectations for honesty are too high.
Love is the bone and sinew of my curse.
Human beings are millions of things in one day.
In the end words are just wind.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
Were you thinking about eating me?
Prison is where you promise yourself the right to live.
He pulled away, but his eyes held my eyes like hands.
Who judges the judge who judges wrong?
Art is the Mirror of our betrayed ideals.
Competence was attractive.
To let oneself be carried on passively is unthinkable.
Politics always change. Stories never do.
I shot that sucker right in the gumpy. Grandma Mazur.
People left him alone. And that was all he wanted.
The truth can be glimpsed only through the eyes of death.
But break, my heart, for I must hold my tongue.
Certainty is missing the point entirely.
Grudges seldom hurt anyone except the one bearing them.
People often belittle the place where they were born.
That though he is weak, he can still burn.
The moon in her chariot of pearl.
The weak are meat the strong do eat.
I measure the moment in the heartbeats I skip.
Reformed rakes often make the best husbands.
Truth had run through my fingers. Every drop had escaped.
The world began and ended in fire.
I’m not interested in being polite. It’s false.
We were clever enough to turn a laundry list into poetry.
We become the stories we tell ourselves.
Get thee to a nunnery.
My wife. By what name is she called, Kincaid? Mine.
Faith is only a word, embroidered.
You will not find love where you wish or where you hope.
It is such a secret place, the land of tears.
Love is the only rational act.
The weak are meat the strong do eat.
Hodor, said Hodor.
Soon comes the cold, and the night that never ends.
Is it meaningless to apologize? Never. ―.
I love stupid plans.
Be what you are. No one who really loves you will stop.
The only watchmaker is the blind forces of physics.
As my cat would say, all hours are good for sleeping.
I care so much about everything that I care about nothing.
No one ever really gets used to nightmares.
The wisdom to quit is all we have left.
Must being in love always mean being in pain?
The human tongue is a beast that few can master.
Time heals all wounds.
Quiet as mice, quiet as the wind, quiet as the grave.
If civilization has an opposite, it is war.
Wild nights are my glory!
. Having shapely buttocks. Nice one, Bridge.
A thing can be true and still be desperate folly, Hazel.
Yes, heaven forbid I not be protected from tanks.
Every moment must be first known and then savored.
I may be in pain, but I am not weak.
Lights on buildings and everything that makes you wonder.
For every thing that lives is Holy.
Boredom is a pleasing antidote for fear.
Fear no more, says the heart...
You must enter where you fear to tread.
It was a dark and stormy night.
The seeds of death get lost in the mess that God made us.
The most dangerous enemy is that which no one fears!
I would not wish any companion in the world but you.
There never is a happy ending because nothing ever ends.
Swords can’t solve every problem.
To live is to be haunted.
Logic is relative.
It was the meanest moment of eternity.
Routine feeds the illusion of safety...
Everybody I know fails the acid test of friendship.
Fair is whatever God wants to do.
The secret of theory is that truth does not exist.
He who poses as a fool is not a fool.
It would have been nice to have had unicorns.
Rumors are spread by jealous people.
Love, too, was just a question of time.
The key to happiness was achievable dreams.
Always the tone of surprise.
Blood is a powerful thing.
Oh the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Politics always change. Stories never do.
Why can you believe the lie, but not the truth?
Vanity, thy name is vampire.
Imagination can take you Places....READ.
May my heart be your shelter, and my arms be your home.
We all move uneasily within our restraints.
There is a deep power in words that speak the truth.
I and this mystery, here we stand.
Calvin is hammering nails into coffee table.
Childhood is for spoiling adulthood.
...love is a skill, not just an enthusiasm.
Goodbyes are overrated.
Be happy without picking flaws.
Between skin and skin, there is only light.
When they die no one will ever know that once they lived.
Everywhere I look, I see something holy.
Fear dims when you learn things.
How undisturbed, the sleep of the foolish.
Fear, she says, is more powerful than pain.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Seeker Of Truth seeker of truth follow no path.
Mature love is loving, not being loved.
Do I really want to be integrated into a burning house?
Why did you come here? To find you.
I saw the Cloud, though I did not foresee the Storm.
You really should stay away from me.
It’s hard to feel desire when you don’t feel desirable.
We are kept keen on the grindstone of pain and necessity.
I would know if a part of my heart was gone.
I want to be violated by insight.
Still humping the American Dream.
Sometimes you have to do things when sad things happen.
...but my friends call me Edmund Dantes.
What you call idiot points, I call awesome dollars. ~Seth.
In what will survive me.
When you were in love you knew no fear or hatred.
Words are the litmus paper of the mind.
I hadn’t realized I was a villain in your narrative.
You learn to move on without the people you love.
Fortunate are those who take the first steps.
Good food is very often, even most often, simple food.
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? Who will guard the guards?
No love is greater than that of a father for His son.
Being brave is not as easy as it looks.
Maybe the new me will be different.
All representations of a thing are inherently abstract.
Thou art god, I am god. All that groks is god.
For love is as strong as death.
She was a monster, but she was my monster.
True sorrow is as rare as true love.
Tis within ourselves that we are thus or thus.
I want an infinitely blank book and the rest of time.
If I were the moon, I know where I would fall down.
Truthfulness so often goes with ruthlessness.
With every breath I take, I will always love you.
Desire sets our compass, but real life steers our course.
Sometimes there are no answers.
The love of libraries, like most loves, must be learned.
Take big bites. Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
To permit irresponsible authority is to sell disaster.
How could you be heartbroken and happy at the same time?
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
I liked my books and clouds and sunsets.
The powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse.
Nothing is as eloquent as nothing.
You are happy even if you are afraid to admit it.
Those who trust us educate us.
You make me feel like I have wings when you touch me.
Everything in life has its price.
He whom loves touches not walks in darkness.
We all fear what we do not understand.
Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.
Now she hates me. I have taught her that, at least.
How easy it is to invent a humanity, for anyone at all.
That was Hera. Her Majesty, the Loose Cannon.
There are no dead ends, just detours.
She is a peacock in everything but beauty!
The mad have a grace all their own.
I had nothing to offer anybody, except my own confusion.
As small as a world and as large as alone.
My world was changing, and I was not ready for it.
Hey, even the Mona Lisa is falling apart.
You have the Best Of Me....
Your lullaby would waken a drunken goblin!
James, pull over, I want to kiss you.
When I am wicked I am in high spirits.
Death, a necessary end, will come when it will come.
A weed is a plant out of place.
Facts are lonely things.
Wit and humor do not reside in slow minds.
Where the world ends is where you must begin.
To live at all is miracle enough.
Find a voice in a whisper.
The champagne was dead. So it goes.
Very funny my sarcastic friend.
Everyone’s death means something.
He looked rather pleasantly, like a blonde satan.
Facts are lonely things.
My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice.
... there are shadows because there are hills.
Even stone can be worn down with enough rain.
I do feel it gone, But know not how it went.
What kind of Christmas present would Jesus ask Santa for?
The soul is the weariest part of the body.
The right words always seemed to come too late.
Remember that you are a Black Swan.
Wanting what you could not have led to misery and madness.
One way to pick a future is to believe it’s inevitable.
Methinks we have a clue. Be still, my heart.
Yes. What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.
The fool who persists in his folly will become wise.
Become who you are by learning who you are.
Plea Against the Death Penalty.
My pen shall heal, not hurt.
Even a stunted tree reaches for sunlight.
I think I just fell into like with him.
Gene police! You! Out of the pool, now!
I belong to NO ONE. But my heart belongs to you.
All things are possible.
Boredom is a mask frustration wears.
Alex took a piece of my heart with him when he left.
We should have been wiser; we should have died yesterday.
Even stone can be worn down with enough rain.
Strange things conspire when one tries to cheat fate.
Hi, Piper said, as casually as she could. We’re back.
The gull sees farthest who flies highest.
Not everyone is meant to stay forever.
You can always trust a dog that likes peanut butter.
Remember to breathe. It is after all, the secret of life.
We fear that which we cannot see.
We live and we die and anything else is just a delusion.
My pen shall heal, not hurt.
Gone. Vanished. Nothing left. Nothing said.
I am a creature of my pen. My pen is the best of me.
It touched me to be trusted with something terrible.
And I provide much- needed eye candy.
We must, we must, we must increase our bust.
Beauty is harsh.
I care about you, Simon said. I always cared about you.
Never trust the storyteller. Only trust the story.
But Amy, Elder says. Space suits!
I gave you the best of me.
My suffering left me sad and gloomy.
Love. That was what she had that IT did not have.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Everything may be labelled- but everybody is not.
More of your conversation would infect my brain.
With luck, it might even snow for us.
Still ... in this world only winter is certain.
Better to mock the game than to play and lose.
The important thing was to love rather than to be loved.
And I wrote my way out of the labyrinth.
Faith strikes me as intellectual laziness.
She knew nothing but she had everything he had lost.
The very idea of making shoes by hand boggled her mind.
How will the world change if we do not question it?
I believe in absolute honesty and sensible social lies.
Friends always forget those whom fortune forsakes.
I was dying when you came.
I believe in deeds, not words.
Art never comes from happiness.
There are no tricks in plain and simple faith.
They do not love, that do not show their love.
I love you more than anything in the world combined.
In this short life that only lasts ah hour.
Thinking little at all about nothing in particular.
..holding a book but reading the empty spaces.
Or is it that I think too much?
Beauty without intelligence is like a hook without bait.
Even in dreams, you could not fall forever.
Welcome to the island of misfit toys.
I missed everybody. To be alive is to be missing.
He signed. will ―.
The person in this picture is really me.
You seek problems because you need their gifts.
The earth is a great piece of stupidity.
And you wish to be a poet; and you wish to be a lover.
You are so naive, it physically aggrieves me.
Modesty is only arrogance by stealth.
There’s no point in believing in things that exist.
I came to claim the one I love.
There is no greater power on this earth than story.
It turned out that, like Satan, cancer had many names.
You can change only what people know, not what they do.
The length of your days does not belong to you.
Being the survivor stinks.
How difficult it is to be simple.
Dying would have been so much easier.
You just use the future to escape the present.
Nothing uses up alcohol faster than political argument.
Cruelty is easy, cheap and rampant.
No emotion is the final one.
Aedion touched her shoulder. Welcome home, Aelin.
I have so much I want to tell you, and nowhere to begin.
I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo.
Put your good where it will do the most!
Memory is the sense of loss, and loss pulls us after it.
Anything is better than stagnation.
Mystify, mislead, and surprise the enemy.
Never trust a duck.
It smells like heartbreak in here, said Jace.
You look like the vamp who bled the cat.
. And now, you are forever mine.
We live on, as long as there are people to live on in.
What you were will not happen again.
Real reading is a lonely activity.
They who forgive most shall be most forgiven.
You never know the worth of water until the well is dry.
All i want is a dress with puffy sleaves.
Her silence was the blank space between the words.
Suffering comes from desire, not from pain.
My misery is reaching epidemic proportions.
What does a mirror look at?
Hasn’t anyone ever told you? Life isn’t fair.
Denouncing evil is a far cry from doing good.
Love happens when people forgive.
One hand, five homes. A lifetime in a fist.
Writing is a deeper sleep than death.
My gast was pretty well flabbered.
Especially if he called me again.
The pain of the flesh is naught to that of the heart.
I am really in love with Sam, and it hurts very much.
You should be more paranoid.
Sense is never common.
Never tease an old dog; he might have one bite left.
Our lives are like the wind... or like sounds.
The Love that moves the sun and the other stars.
Each time is true, but the truths are not the same.
Fear could break a line faster than any enemy charge.
Some people still think knowledge is power.
Love provided me with a tongue and tears.
One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.
Seeming and being are not one and the same.
The joy of writing.
...for hope is always born at the same time as love...
But the answer is simple. Love is a mix tape.
If his forces are united, separate them.
Every love story is a potential grief story.
I think the busiest people are often the loneliest.
Extreme seductiveness is at the boundary of horror.
We were innocent once. How could it have gone so bad?
He lives down in a ribcage in the dry leaves of a heart.
One can never had too many librarian friends.
...reality, the name we give to the common experience.
I was a coward. I went to the war.
Life is what you celebrate. All of it. Even its end.
We shall create wonders that will make the world tremble.
Gods help him when Hasar and Aedion met.
I am very selfish, really. I lived for love.
Its always nice to have a stud muffin at the table.
There are much more terrible things than physical injury.
A very little key will open a very heavy door.
Hope is a function of struggle.
Take it in what sense thou wilt.
Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
Bid me run, and I will strive with things impossible.
Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death.
In jest, there is truth.
We crave permission openly to become our secret selves.
He thinks things through too much.
Pointless thinking is worse than no thinking at all.
Happy the Dragon was not so happy.
Sometimes you find your path, sometimes it finds you.
Everything was believed except the truth.
Sometimes pain is for the greater good.
Have a little faith in my magic fingers.
The story that I love you, it has no end.
Al was looking at me in disbelief. Not your lover?
Did you see my ninja move?That was fast, right?
Cats randomly refuse to follow orders to prove they can.
The ruminations are mine, let the world be yours.
A battle is won by him who is firmly resolved to win it.
I am a mass of contradictions.
The dead live. How do they live? By love. ―.
A thing named is a thing tamed.
Be happy, Feyre.
For nothing is evil in the beginning.
Hey, Ocean Eyes, my father said. Where’d you go on us?
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
Words, as is well known, are the great foes of reality.
I don’t know what it means to live.
Isolation offered its own form of companionship.
It is a costly thing, looking on the true face of Love.
Can I stay with you?
And that is why we can’t have nice things.
If thou wouldst seek justice, thyself must be just.
Nobody likes to see a stupid guy wise up.
There is hope in forgiveness.
Intelligence is a mere instrument of circumstances.
You should never wish for wishful thinking.
The Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be.
Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
Expect poison from the standing water.
Whither thou goest...
And when you say the truth you get stronger.
There were stars. They burned my eyes.
Reason is the slave of passion.
I do not think, therefore I am a moustache.
We are never prepared for what we expect.
Nobody likes to see a stupid guy wise up.
Ethics and aesthetics are one.
You do things and do things and nobody really has a clue.
Her life in ink.
We Are The Sum Total Of Our Choices...
...sometimes you have to put your fears in order...
The enemy gate is down.
I’m not afraid, but I’m very nervous.
Better late than never.
And when we love our sin then we are damned indeed.
Being in love with your best friend is problematic.
The medium is the message.
And they would all smile at the beauty of destruction.
Why bother when a dramatic entrance is so much more fun?
The greatest scholars are not usually the wisest people.
Life is short..Live to the fullest..
One does not need to have cancer to analyze its symptoms.
The living deserve attention, too.
It was the oldest sound there was. Souls flying away.
Death is just the last scene of the last act.
Faith is a fine invention When gentlemen can see.
There is no fool like an educated fool...
I whistled. You have evil thoughts for a goat.
The thing’s hollow—it goes on forever—and—oh my God!—.
Were it not for shadows, there would be no beauty.
I have measured out my life in coffee spoons.
Cliches are truisms and all truisms are true.
Nothing, like something, happens anywhere.
Blameless people are always the most exasperating.
There are as many kinds of love, as there are hearts.
One day a tortoise will learn how to fly.
Do not worry about tomorrow until you have to.
You can not stop you from being who you are.
The rich are always afraid.
Fear cripples faster than any implement of war.
My boyfriend and I are badasses.
There is special providence in the fall of a sparrow.
Employers are like horses — they require management.
I hurl my heart to halt his pace.
An unhealthy soul requires a healthy body.
Need is not love.
Trying to be witty leads to lying, more or less.
Something is always happening somewhere.
Wolves have no kings.
Wanting more is just a recipe for heartache.
I meant what i said, and i said what i meant.
Courage and folly are cousins, or so I’ve heard.
Reality is what you can get away with.
See? My plans don’t all suck. Just most of them.
Hardly. A ragged apron does not a waiter make.
It is quite uninteresting; that is why one comes out.
You get a wonderful view from the point of no return.
I like the new scar Captain.
Learn to recognize omens, and follow them.
When grace moves in... guilt moves out.
It comes from within.
Today is today. But there are many tomorrows.
There’s only one thing I don’t love about him. .
Happiness. It comes on.
Home is not a place, but rather, the people you love.
In every religion, you find the same extremists.
You are my everything.
The cat does not offer services. The cat offers itself.
Wine makes all things possible.
Every loss is unprecedented.
Usually when you’re in love, you’re miserable.
Art only begins where Imitation ends.
Life is life, and kind is kind.
Every tounge bit had another word to say.
The impossible is the least that one can demand.
Magic causes as much trouble as it cures.
Once again I must ask too much of you, Harry.
Authors, he thought. Even the sane ones are nuts.
See, there I am. I told you I lived. I told you I was.
Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania.
My worst habit is my fear & my destructive rationalizing.
Tea to the English is really a picnic indoors.
Will you wait for me forever?
The answer to every problem involved penguins.
In that moment, I wanted to punch myself in the face.
God save me from idealists.
I love your silences, they are like mine.
Eragon. Is that all you say? Yes.
Have all beautiful things sad destinies?
Lover, she whispers, and closes her eyes.
But did thee feel the earth move?
Life was an uncertain thing.
Maybe I want a black eye. Did you think of that?
If you argue for your limitations they are yours.
He had given her too much. He had given her everything.
In the street of the sky night walks scattering poems.
I have called on the Goddess and found her within myself.
She had a way of embroidering life with stars.
Every time you try to flirt with her, a puppy dies.
There is no lake at Camp Green Lake.
Still, life had a way of adding day to day.
Strength enough to build a home.
I had lost my mind and fallen into my heart.
Guilt is a rope that wears thin.
A little more than kin, a little less than kind.
Carry the fire.
We all have to meet our match sometime or other.
Daggers. Never leave home without them.
I sew his ears on from time to time, sure.
None of us could be happy for long, doing nothing.
Memories, you see, hurt. The good ones most of all.
I am a master of foolhardy plans.
I’ll give you my strength if I can have your remission.
The Law is annoying, but it is also flexible.
Where is your angel now?
Only the madman is absolutely sure.
Vampires are people too!
If it is not beautiful for someone, it does not exist.
Rocks are space, and space is illusion.
What is jealousy but a reflection of your own failures?
Dreams shape the world.
I cry to let everything out.
Who else but me is ever going to read these letters?
My brain hums with scraps of poetry and madness.
Up here my eyes are green leaves, unseeing.
The moment was all; the moment was enough.
I am nothing, and not even that.
History is the propaganda of the victors.
Every loneliness is a pinnacle.
What, you egg?
And nothing is, but what is not.
We can never cease to be ourselves.
How can a little thing be so annoying?
In a world of diminishing mystery, the unknown persists.
What came for them? Not death. Just the end of living.
A little more than kin, a little less than kind.
You can touch everything and be connected to nothing.
Art should be a place of hope.
The monster nevers dies.
Difficulty is what wakes up the genius.
Scientific truth is beyond loyalty and disloyalty.
I felt free and therefore I was free.
Wisdom and knowledge is everywhere, but so is stupity.
We save our lives in such unlikely ways.
Nothing happens by chance.
The warrior is Here, Now.
Smiling without good reason is demeaning.
Lord that she might be safe. She and my children.
Either things grow and change or they die.
Trust your heart but use your head.
No book, however good, can survive a hostile reading.
Politics is the Art of Controlling Your Enviroment.
As you were, I was. As I am, you will be.
I survive at the edge of friends circles.
Remember all fairy tales end at some point.
For the night is dark and full of terrors.
An appreciation for irony.
Live the dream, Potato.
Barking hard work, being a boy.
Each night I lie down in a graveyard of memories.
I love a book that makes me cry.
You are a pool of clear water where the light plays.
Because I can’t stay away.
What was broken will never be the same again.
And the person who loves wholeheartedly feels free.
There had never been a death so foretold.
Do not tarry, do not stop, no matter what happens.
Be calm. Be Zen. You are Buddha.
Some promises aren’t worth keeping.
Magic is the art of thinking, not strength or language.
A lie twice believed is self decieved.
God has spoken, and everything else is commentary.
Death is a mystery, and burial is a secret.
Whatever. Boris, must you constantly breathe on me?
It was time to pull my moral socks up and behave myself.
All ends are temporary and all life is born from death.
The finest fury is the most controlled.
You guys are going somewhere or just going?
Everything was fabulous, even our breakdowns.
The hollowness was in his arms and the world was snowing.
The truth has become an insult.
There was no possibility of taking a walk that day.
I would eat my way into perdition to taste you.
A gift. All of it.
Here, with her, he was home.
I read what I like.
Though you see nothing, he is acting.
A place to keep all your secrets.
What a fool honesty is.
In the end, life makes victims of us all.
And nobody had told them that they were short on time.
Only a battle lost is sadder than a battle won.
To remind me, pain is the best teacher.
Patience mimics the power of infinity.
There’s always someone who knows something.
And this wasn’t lying, not really. It was leaving out.
The medical definition of is misdiagnosis.
Nothing could have survived our life.
Twas the night before Thanksgiving.
As long as one suffers one lives.
I looked at the canine companion. Me cookies. You stay.
I want be a writer.
Secrets...are the very root of cool.
He took a duck in the face at 250 knots.
The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers.
Friends may come and go but enemies accumulate.
Help means ruin and saving means slaying.
The light had simply and utterly destroyed the darkness.
…the violin — that most human of all instruments…
Love is a private thing. The world does not need to know.
Seriously. We were never like that were we?
The square root of I is I.
Kneel and swear to the Lord Dragon, or you will be knelt.
I am that is, my sword shall wield for me.
There is no formula to relationships.
What gets measured gets improved.
A long summer always meant a long winter to come.
Perfection is a stick with which to beat the possible.
You just took on five million years of evolution again.
The injury of words. Yes, the brutality of words.
... clumsiness is often mated with a love of solitude.
How quickly he fell; how soon it was over.
It’s history. It’s poetry.
Help me give up my addiction to Hope.
But then it passed, as all things do.
To remain innocent may also be to remain ignorant.
Poetry makes life what lights and music do the stage.
Ah, me, if this is love, then how it torments.
What are we but our stories?
Fate is shaped half by expectation, half by inattention.
Time is, time was, but time shall be no more.
I only fear danger where I want to fear it.
Genius is an infinite capacity for causing pain.
Nothing fun in life is easy.
Feed your faith and your doubts will starve to death.
They were close to the end of the beginning ...
Sometimes, when the sun shines, it scorches.
Everything you want in life has teeth.
You can never love people as much as you miss them.
But she is happiest alone. She is happiest alone.
No wind favors he who has no destined port.
Step by step Moment by moment We live through Another day.
Sometimes you can’t choose what you love.
The mind knows only what lies near the heart.
All societies end up wearing masks.
Never go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line.
After all, the true seeing is within.
Are you afraid of the good you might do?
No matter where I am, I am always loving you.
The game had been played, and she had lost.
Life is short, death is forever.
The only thing more dangerous than an idea is a belief.
Even brilliant scientists Google themselves.
I’m gettin’ tired way past where sleep rests me.
The weak would never enter the kingdom of love.
All girls should have a poem written for them even if.
I have no enemies. I dont permit such a thing.
Everything is true, and nothing is true!
To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing.
I stand on the corner, pretending I am a tree.
For after the Battle comes quiet.
Power is neither male or female.
One of us in this very room is in fact the murderer.
Schemes are like fruit, they require a certain ripening.
Avoidance helped settle the emotions. Considerably.
We must prove to the world that we are all nincompoops.
You think my kids just popped out of the ground?
Emperors are vain and useless things.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Life, deal gently with her ... Love, never desert her.
Your childhood hunger is the one that never leaves you.
The young are not afraid of telling the truth.
I wanted to rub handprints through his dust.
Shake the hand that feeds you.
The shortest route to courage is absolute ignorance.
Who am I? And how, I wonder, will this story end?
In an infinite Universe anything can happen.
The only thing worse than bad health is a bad name.
Who are you and what have you done with my brother?
What you hope for, you also fear.
Go on caring for me.
Now that I am dead, I know everything.
Love of sugar had to mean true love. It just had to.
I don’t read too much. There’s no such thing as that.
Explanations are such cheap poetry.
Sometimes out hearts are broken so new light can get in.
To study in Paris is to be born in Paris!
Hilarious, dude. You should, like, have your own show.
I’m lucky that I’m afraid of losing something.
Belief creates behaviors.
I stared at him.
To oppose something is to maintain it.
The world is a better place when you smile.
You see what you expect to see, Severus.
We tried to shut him in a pyramid, but Mum spotted us.
Parents are excellent at stating the obvious.
...an everlasting funeral marches round your heart.
The lost glove is happy.
She had rooms in her mind that she would not look into.
My only thought was to keep him away from Annabeth.
Possibility is not a luxury; it is as crucial as bread.
Love changes us, but we change how we love too.
Missing you is worse than Pittsburgh.
Courage faces fear and thereby masters it.
It was not death she feared. It was misunderstanding.
How will we ever get out of this labyrinth of suffering?
Sovereignty, loyalty, and solitude.
Sometimes I wonder about the Creator of the Universe.
I love you. You are my heart beating outside of my chest.
The only horrible thing in the world is ennui.
Nothing but good times ahead.
Only love can break a heart into so many pieces.
Everything in the street today seems soft focus.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of contemporary ambition.
Nothin’s real scary except in books.
Autumn was her happiest season.
I do not need to love you to prove that I love myself!!
I will never, be the same. I have seen stars. stars.
A child cannot pay for its mother’s milk.
Expect everything so that nothing comes unexpected.
The process of giving is without limits.
For this week? I want you to learn how to read.
All things are manifestations of one thing only.
I know because I read. Might I suggest you try it?
You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon...
If you write a line of zeroes, it´s still nothing.
The pencil is mightier than the pen.
Empires and churches are born under the sun of death.
She was the captain of her soul.
Something is always falling apart in me.
You misinterpret everything, even the silence.
A tooth is much more to be prized than a diamond.
Every child needs a tragedy to become truly interesting.
I am a Count, Not a Saint.
Optimism is a perfectly legitimate response to failure.
With all respects to heaven, I like it here.
We are all creatures of the stars.
He would make a lovely corpse.
You only live once, buy Picassos whenever possible.
And her joy was nearly like sorrow.
I said you were beautiful. I slept in your bed!
Life is beautiful if you are on the road to somewhere.
Not being perfect hurts.
Sunshine is just beyond the clouds Carl Joesph Gunner.
Empty words almost echo within themselves.
Artists are those who can evade the verbose.
We only fail when we stop trying.
Modesty belongs to losers.
I was always on my oddy knocky.
There is a perfection in everything that cannot be owned.
Weakness never got anyone anywhere.
And for a price, I will pretend absolutely nothing.
You can tell a lot by the size of a mans library.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Even before I met you I was far from indifferent to you.
Live it well and this life can be grand.
Assuming the worst was always safer. And usually truer.
With great hotness comes great responsibility.
I will walk heavy, and I will walk strange.
Never name the well from which you will not drink.
...But beauty must be broken daily to remain beautiful...
... As you wish.
Success is both an addiction and an enslavement...
What we see is not always what exists.
I am the sole author of the dictionary that defines me.
Scars crossed her welded wrists.
The way to find a needle in a haystack is to sit down.
Dead Max was the biggest oxymoron in history.
You only have one chance to make a first impression.
And right this second I want to live in ignorant bliss.
I’m haunted by all the space that I.
Even the most beautiful things can be toxic.
The worst of all fears is the fear of living.
There is no language without deceit.
A naked lunch is natural to us We eat reality sandwiches.
Every plan is a house of cards.
Thank God for wisecracks.
At night, here in the library, the ghosts have voices.
It was easier to be brave when you were someone else.
In life, the monsters win.
I wonder what it will be like when I leave this place.
I am a vampire, and that is the truth.
Everything I need to know... I learned in kindergarten.
I have said that the soul is not more than the body.
Love cannot be measured by its duration...
Another story must begin!
How good life is when one does something good and just!
No fair maiden should die alone.
Regret... when it comes to you, I have oceans of it.
Worship is the act of the abandoned heart adoring its God.
Tell me how does it feel with my teeth in your heart!
There can be no compromise on moral principles.
Time and death sleep side by side.
It is my time. The time of maximum ride...
Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.
As I love the name of honour more than I fear death.
They lie deadly that tell you have good faces.
What could i do to make the one i loved love me back ?
Let the flesh instruct the mind.
To feel alone is to be alone.
Why would Roman gods want to date Chinese Canadians?
Science is as corruptible a human activity as any other.
Sometimes, questions are more hurtful than insults.
But a living is not a life.
Did I ever say an engagement was an elephant, madam?
Love leaves scars.
Time is money, but also money is money.
Life seemed even more of a guessing game than usual.
Love is not about owning someone, but about loving them.
Just who are you planning to call? Ghostbusters?
He makes me feel like that. Like flying.
What kind of human person has a favorite eraser?
Rebirth always follows death.
I am locked into the mirror and there is no door out.
Thoughts are divine.
I stand here waiting. To disappear or sing.
Time is the clarity for seeing right and wrong.
Friendship is an Algebra test that nobody passes.
Breathe and let be.
Life is a trick, and you get one chance to learn it.
We are afraid of losing what we have.
Once a problem is solved, its simplicity is amazing.
I want to have your abortion.
I know this because Tyler knows this.
The world is a lie...not you and me.
The birth of the mind is the death of the senses.
Every letter was a love letter.
Ay me! sad hours seem long.
Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.
True apothecary thy drugs art quick.
We live in all we seek.
In the end we all come to be cured of our sentiments.
If you lose all hope, you can always find it again.
I will always tell you the truth.
Someone has to spread the good news that we survived.
Close your eyes and stare into the dark.
She would live now, not read.
In my dreams of this city I am always lost.
Whatever bro, tell it to the whales.
Pain, thou art not an evil.
Passing time adds false memories and modifies real ones.
We are all supposed to think of reasons to live.
If you want the rainbow, you have to deal with the rain.
Good friends are hard to find and impossible to forget.
Life cheats us with shadows. We ask it for pleasure.
Insanity makes the rivers flow.
The stuff you bring back from dreams is free.
Thence we came forth to rebehold the stars.
I will not be afraid.
I want a husband to warm my bed, and my bed alone.
Someone fish out dear Amren before she catches a cold.
If a body catch a body coming through the rye.
Love can only be found through the act of loving.
He was assaulting the world by assaulting himself.
How about we just see where life takes us for awhile?
Face your fears or they will climb over your back.
Have you been playing in toxic waste lately?
And that. Why don’t you call me Étienne anymore?
Too many good things all seem the same after a while.
Life is a memory, and then it is nothing.
O lost, And by the wind grieved, Ghost, Come back again.
But in my arms she was always Lolita.
My lungs are thick with the smoke of your absence.
The heart apparently doesn’t stop that easily.
How could he love her when she’d destroyed so much?
Conceited people never hear anything but praise.
Inhale and hold the evening in your lungs.
On what slender threads do life and fortune hang… !
I always lacked common sense when taken by surprise.
Tell me something wicked.
Why break the heart that never beat from love?
I smiled. She smiled. I believed the smile.
Things change all the time, mostly in little ways.
You roll back to me.
I lived too much in my head instead of the real world.
I promise to always turn back toward you.
Children of the future age Reading this indignant page.
God waited me out.
Scepticism is the first step towards truth.
I want more from life than that and I have more to give.
You have only one life, make the most of it.
In war everybody is a prisoner.
The cup was emptied and would never be filled again.
The opposite of every truth is just as true.
You see, though we travel together, we travel alone.
In his eyes, I’m some kind of perfect.
Ignorance is fatal.
I want to hold you, Nikki. Will you let me?
I have forseen...
The absence of him is everywhere I look.
Better to be judged by twelve than carried by six.
The Soul selects her own Society.
Every time I conjure up a rock, I throw it.
The maid screamed. The Queen gasped. Sophie waved.
Optimism is the opium of the people.
My voice is clotted with unshed tears.
You can only chase a butterfly for so long.
Remembering is a great invention of the mind.
The best people have the rottenest luck.
Showers are good. Perhaps not as good as bacon, but good.
Sporks are only used in the most dire situations.
Nothing stands still, except in our memory.
Life happened because I turned the pages.
In this cruel world kindness should always be repaid.
Only a habit can subdue another habit.
The world is full of places to which I want to return.
I think, therefore I doubt.
In the long run, we only hit what we aim at.
It was a long time ago now. And it was yesterday.
I speak as I must and cannot be silent.
If we seek something, that same thing is seeking us.
No fair! Those guys ripped off what we rightfully stole!
Beauty made you love, and love made you beautiful.
He thought much but said little.
Any piece of good music is in essence a love song.
There are few takers for the quiet heart.
Eccentricty had flowered into madness.
There are no atheists on turbulent airplanes.
The truth is seldom welcome, especially at dinner.
He hated being filled with terror. It was embarrassing.
He just summoned the dead with coke and cheeseburgers.
The bird is gone, and in what meadow does it now sing?
This is what it look like when it WORKS?
Her sculptured face was as perfect as a painting.
Hard to call it a party without sardines.
There is always another side, always.
Be sure thy sin will find thee out.
When we speak of the morrow nothing is ever certain.
Make your choice and accept the consequences.
The Destroyer has arrived and you are he.
The truth is always simpler than you can imagine.
You cannot love without intuition.
You’ll never regret being a good friend.
Common sense is no match for the voice of God.
Everything ends in death, everything. Death is terrible.
He who despairs is wrong.
I suppose it was a romantic was to perish... for a mouse.
Alive. Alive in the way that death is alive.
Never confuse honor with stupidity!
If we are alone, we become more alone. Life is strange.
How can my ankles and arms be obscene?
And in your smile, I will live forever.
...for everything has a trace of the divine in it.
I think he loved us equally, but differently.
There is no shame in impulse.
We need our Arts to teach us how to breathe.
All that glisters is not gold.
We find ourselves only by looking to what we’re not.
I never miss a good chance to shut up.
All that glisters is not gold.
Your hair is winter fire, January embers.
The world is an inherently unfair place.
I move, therefore I am.
Because Hope survives best at the Hearth.
The gods wanted war? They were about to get it.
But then again, they were like baby Einsteins on crack.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
Too perfect to be sexually attractive.
What if someone gave a war and Nobody came?
I like all the things that make you monstrous.
Ruthless. That’s my girl.
There is no try. There is only do.
Bloodshed begets bloodshed. Hatred begits hatred.
War is not won by victory.
Experience is a question of instinct about life.
In the beginning was simplicity.
Whatever your income, always live below your means.
I have my own soul. My own spark of divine fire.
Survival...is an infinite capacity for suspicion.
...but ready or not,life goes on.
Why was she dancing? No reason. Just alive, I guess.
Thou shalt not submit thy god to market forces.
And just like that, his father fed him to the Wolf.
Believe in me and die forever.
Who do you think it was that brought the bottle to her?
Oh, how she did love that queer, common boy!
It was. It will never be again. Remember.
Worries find you easily enough without inviting them.
Keep your temper, said the Caterpillar.
Death was no less a miracle than birth.
It was the day my grandmother exploded.
Open me carefully.
Do what I will never do.
An army of the people is invincible!
Patterns repeat themselves in history.
Seth burst into laughter. .
Geniuses never pay attention.
If I dare to hear you.
No soul remembered is ever really gone.
One night you will ask me for something I cannot give.
I put the ick in magic.
You are my peace, my solace, my salvation.
The beauty of love.
We tend to use knowledge as therapy.
Where was a boom box when you needed one?
I was a little shocked at the elaborateness of the lie.
Wherever I went, I was on the wrong end of the stampede.
Questions are never indiscreet. Answers sometimes are.
Enter freely and of your own free will!
The thing I fear most is fear.
Lives fall apart when they need to be rebuilt.
Trent and Ellasbeth did the nasty? Ewwww!
Dark clouds bring waters, when the bright bring none.
One forgets that one is one. I must try to remember this.
What I regret most in my life are failures of kindness.
A world without dragons is a world not worth living in.
The world is the cradle and your trap.
Dawn seemed to follow midnight with indecent haste.
Behind every bad law, a deep fear.
When witnesses concoct lies, they often miss the obvious.
What is the past but what we choose to remember?
Each the others world entire.
If you dont respect me what must you think of yourself?
A change is as good as a rest.
Adults are the real monsters.
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.
When a solipsist dies ... everything goes with him.
I had to keep on acting deaf if i wanted to hear at all.
Thought is the thought of thought.
I’m not very good at giving anyone a clear no.
When anything can happen, everything matters.
Because it’s human nature to hope for impossible things.
Tomorrow is always fresh with no mistakes in it.
She seemed imprisoned in her sadness.
Order is the key to all problems.
Sarcasm is the language of the devil.
Off with their heads!
He laughs best who laughs at the end.
I am very good at groveling.
Love is the most common miracle.
Maybe okay will be our always. Okay. Okay.
I felt very lonely when they were all there.
You never know just what you can do until you try.
What happens if you drop all the things that make you I?
Just breathing can be such a luxury sometimes.
Agonies are one of my changes of garments.
Cross a small dog with a pig and you have a pug.
I could not make a move without making love.
If your head explodes can I have your stuff?
My name is tally youngblood and my mind is very ugly.
Thir must be less tae life than this.
As You Think, So Shall You Be.
A life that is, like any other, unlike any other.
I love you, with a touch of tragedy and quite madly.
As phantoms frighten beasts when shadows fall.
Nothing was quite like it was supposed to be.
It took hours to turn the clock back 30 seconds.
Seek to live,remembrance is for the old.
Worry divides the mind.
Geologists are never at a loss for paperweights.
This is how the fire starts. This is how we burn.
She loved you in the morning because the day was new.
Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.
...though nothing is damaged, everything is changed.
Memory is not what the heart desires.
The doom lies in yourself, not in your name.
They write songs about California girls for a reason.
A question is a trap and an answer is your foot in it.
So, open your mouth, lad! For every voice counts!
Gamblers and lovers really play to lose.
What you were is forever who you are.
Want to get in trouble with me, Carlos?
What is writing? Writing is telepathy.
There was no Lo to behold.
My little cup brims with tiddles.
Alice is the most… supportive.
The bomb lives only as it is falling.
I felt dull and flat and full of shattered visions.
The hardest thing on earth is choosing what matters.
What if I’ve forgotten the most important thing?
I wanted so terribly to be good to him.
She was singed, bleeding, bruised, and furiously alive.
My mother says looking is the nature of wisdom.
This was stupid, but I was doing it.
If there’s a will, there’s a way.
Everyone knows that God protects drunkards and lovers.
Greatness depends on where you are coming from.
We live, we die, we are remembered, we are forgotten.
A piece of happiness should never be taken as due.
She knew few words and believed in none.
Love can conquer everything but reality.
For a poet he threw a very accurate milk bottle.
Only through time time is conquered.
...Heinous Fuckery, most foul!
You will never be alone with a poet in your pocket.
There are no days more full than those we go back to.
Silence, maiden; thy tongue outruns thy discretion.
Our nation is turning into an idiocracy.
The stars move still, time runs, the clock will strike.
All she wanted was a breathing space in which to hurt.
It is not enough to be happy, one must be content.
Together we will be unstoppable.
I guess life is full of maybes.
She never bothered to look down.
Not even need and love can defeat fate...
I only invoked what you already knew.
Isn´t it strange how wealth is always wasted on the rich?
Memories are forever.
Thou shalt not stand idly by.
O Lord, you have searched me and you know me.
I will if you go out with me, Evans.
All we do is read the stupid textbook, said Ron.
Oh Jesus God we did belong to each other. He was mine.
She wanted out of that decorating scheme.
Absence of Quality is the essence of squareness.
Cries for help are frequently inaudible.
There is nothing serious in Mortality.
For the time being Words scatter Are they fallen leaves?
Life turns on a dime.
Solitude is the playfield of Satan.
We hasten to alienate the very fates we intended to woo.
Nothing was to be lost by beginning at the beginning...
You only get to keep what you refuse to let go of.
Madness is only an amplification of what you already are.
Oh, dear gods, this was turning into a boy fight.
As long as it’s what you’re passionate about, go for it.
When the effort fails, is it worth the cost?
Innocent or guilty, a Lannister pays his debts.
We are formed by what we desire.
That tastes like hope feels.
There are bad dreams for those who sleep unwisely.
Winter kept us warm, covering Earth in forgetful snow.
Do not call up that which you cannot put down.
People are basically irritating. Myself included.
Hold on, Claire Bear! Next stop, Crazytown!
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Without contraries there is no progression.
Life, he thought, is a blatant act of imagination.
Without our stories we are incomplete.
What is your name? Why? So I can mark your grave...
Who are the real monsters?
I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.
Even God used silence as a strategy.
But in a story I can steal her soul.
He was a planet without an atmosphere.
Things are not as they seem. They are what they are.
Long live the queen.
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
Did you see more glass?
People destroy what they love.
When I was seventeen, my life changed forever ...
For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain.
Books can be misleading.
Draco Malfoy is a bad boy! squeaked Dobby angrily.
There is in God, some say, a deep but dazzling darkness.
Do not spoil the wonder with haste!
Law is the ultimate science.
If you have love, even plain cold water is sweet.
If you want to keep a friend, never test him.
The more you read, the more you calm down.
Reality whistles a different tune underwater.
Go on till you come to the end; then stop.
My history defines who I am.
Every fear hides a wish.
In these silences something may rise.
Once again there was the desert, and that only.
And then the world exploded.
Memory is the basis of every journey.
In and out of my heart flowed my rainbow blood.
Mostly I dream about being with you forever.
Yes, you are exactly my brand of heroin.
Like I said...fine with me.
My mother refused to let me fail. So I insisted.
I tell, therefore you are.
Her glass wings are gone.
Everything living deserves a chance to grow.
Never bet against a cat.
I’ll burn the world down to save her.
Your arrogance is rooted in stupidity.
Only idiots aren’t scared of things that are scary.
Secrets. Need to disguise. The novel was born of this.
To have money, it seemed, was to be consumed by money.
False humility is more insulting than open pride!
Some allies are more dangerous than enemies.
Only you could love such a vile, selfish peacock, Evie.
God without Christ is no God.
Memories fall apart too.
Life has gotten in the way of our life.
Persistence is the key to solving most mysteries.
The final end of Eternity, and the beginning of Infinity.
Blessed are the meek, for to them we shall say attaboy.
Yeah, that would fly.
I hit him on the back of the neck. He submerged.
Everything that is,casts a shadow.
But our hatred is almost indistinguishable from our love.
Money dignifies what is frivolous if unpaid for.
Even now, I wonder how much of my life is convinced.
I held out my arms to him and he came to me like a child.
The only happy marriages I know are arranged ones.
I have learned the power of surviving.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
Cubitum eamus? What? Nothing.
Hat = wizard, wizard = hat. Everything else is frippery.
The more things you own, the more they own you.
I would pay snakes to bite her.
But there was nothing left to do but continue.
Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.
Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
The complexities of cause and effect defy analysis.
Oh, Jo, how could you? Your one beauty.
Sometimes a journey makes itself necessary.
Inspiration is what keeps us well.
How long is forever? Sometimes just one second.
In thy foul throat thou liest.
He have his goodness now. God forbid I take it from him!
Life sucks, then you die.
Your hair looks like a haystack...but I like it.
Life is hard, so what?
We never choose anything at all. Things happen. Or not.
Where do the words go when we have said them?
You stole from a member of the undead.
Welcome to West Virginia, the land of lost models.
We are, largely, who we remember ourselves to be.
Knowing and believing are sometimes hard to combine.
Unpacking books is a revelatory activity.
Wisdom oft comes from the mouth of babes.
I am clever enough to know that I am clever.
That voice was a deathless song.
Leaving feels too good, once you leave.
I was caught in a love triangle with one dead side.
Put on your big girl pants and deal.
Better to end this dream before it becomes a nightmare.
How could you love someone and not want them to be happy?
In an insane world, sanity made very little sense.
She was poison in a pretty bottle.
No one gets to tell you what your life means!
Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending.
Give us this day our daily mask.
Desire grows by what it feeds on.
Travel opens your mind as few other things do.
Everything is randomly connected.
Full stories are as rare as honesty.
She smelled the way the Taj Mahal looks by moonlight.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
Love covers a multitude of sins…
Then a little voice in him said, Let go, let go, let go.
Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites.
For fear you will be alone.
Stop being so… optimistic. It’s getting on my nerves.
On good days, if you trust life, life has to answer you.
There is a little good in all evil.
In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion.
You are only a prisoner when you surrender.
Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.
Twelve minutes. I can give you that.
Show your power by appearing powerless.
I get why he chose her. I just wish she had chosen me.
Mutually assured destruction.
Pain is to be endured. It ends or it does not.
A lot of the world seems to repeat itself.
In a library, no empty shelf remains empty for long.
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
The night is dark and full of terrors.
My love is upon you.
I want to live happily in a world I don’t understand.
I wish I could stop being in love with Sam. I really do.
He missed his imagined future.
The 10,000hr rule is a definite key in success.
Open the pod bay doors, Hal.
Churches thrive on martyrdom and persecution.
Time is a waste of money.
It is impossible to say just what I mean!
Im not tense, just terribly, terribly alert. Nick.
Nobody loves only once.
She eats grass. Don’t ask.
Everyone sees different things.
Silver chains come in all shapes and sizes.
Oh my God, baby, you are in so much trouble.
There are no ideas in the South, just barbecue.
Maybe the one had to be lost for the others to be found?
‎No one remembers the singer. The song remains.
I admire your capacity for admiring.
Proximity bred familiarity, and familiarity bred comfort.
My gratitude to him is as boundless as the Pacific ocean.
I’m tragically in love with you too.
The 10,000hr rule is a definite key in success.
Dizzy with excitement is no mere phrase.
To start with, look at all the books.
I have a meanness inside of me, real as an organ.
Nothing in his life became him like the leaving it.
For trust not him that hath once broken faith.
It is the bungled crime that brings remorse.
I’d chosen the regret I could live with best, that’s all.
I shall be richer all my life for this sorrow.
Loneliness is a mirror, and recognizes itself.
You live and let live, eventually that becomes enough.
You can call your turkey organic and torture it daily.
Books, indeed, were his sole luxuries.
Old God sure was in a good mood when he made this place.
Before speaking, notice what motivates your words.
There is a perfection in everything that cannot be owned.
Words carry colors and sounds into the flesh.
And then there were none.
Poor Wales. So far from Heaven, so close to England.
Too stupid to learn and too stupid to give up.
If you only do what is easy, you will always remain weak.
Being vulnerable is asking to get used.
Not to ask the obvious question, but why Alaska?
Movement in new direction helps find new cheese.
Circumstances should never alter principles!
The more things I threw away, the more I found.
Animators Inc., where our motto was .
Without hope, love dies and parts of you wither.
Hands learn. More than minds do.
Having a friend made everything else suck less.
There is no safer. There’s not even safe, never has been.
Laugh at love and love will make you cry.
Nothing has an unlikely quality. It is heavy.
It is a true saying, that what you fear you find.
Virtue was vanity dressed up and waiting for applause.
Even the blind and meek and voiceless have gods.
The fog is clearing; life is a matter of taste.
The dementors send their love, Potter!
Let muggles manage without us!
No! and are not the same thing at all!
The praise of the praiseworthy is above all rewards.
It’s not lying, it’s flirting.
At the moment of vision, the eyes see nothing.
How confusing to live in the shadow of a shadow.
How could you stop loving me?
I blame it on his pants.
Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies.
What a terrible era in which idiots govern the blind.
At this hour Lie at my mercy all mine enemies.
We are cruel enough without meaning to be.
If there isn’t a them, there can’t be an us.
It’s not easy remembering the good times.
The silence is so deep it hurts our ears.
The pillow smells like the sunlight, a precious smell.
When will my reflection show who I am inside?
I do not like odd things until I can understand them.
Aoram dhuit, he breathes. I will worship thee.
Even strength has to bow down to wisdom sometimes.
Where are the snowdens of yesteryear?
Getting old we can deal with. Being old is the problem.
It is only the dead who do not return.
Choices are easy when you have nothing to lose.
No fight is hopeless till it has been fought.
You want to poof it or ride back with me?
The cancer of time is eating us away.
Maybe the meaning of life lies in looking for it.
Dip him in the river who loves water.
Finders were keepers unless title was proven.
Revenge is a dish which taste best when served cold.
Life is Beautiful.
I missed her, deeply, painfully. But life goes on.
The moonlight was enough. It would do.
Love is a fault; so be it.
Uncertainty is the normal state.
All life battles teach us something, even those we lose.
I have loved you in return, more than you will ever know.
Hallows, not Horcruxes.
Daddy, look — one of the gnomes actually bit me!
Poets are born knowing the language of angels.
You leave a trail of bodies with your glares.
There is still hope.
It is easy to ignore the rain if you have a raincoat.
Evil was predictable, always painfully expected.
Money is wasted on the rich.
Love is dope, not chicken soup.
Writers turn dreams into print.
Chaos is the penance for leisure.
We did not hope for the same things, but we all hoped.
Clearly God was in some kind of mood on my birthday.
For how long could we fail until we surrendered?
Are you ever going to kiss me without swearing first?
So, yeah. Our cat was a goddess. What else is new?
There is still hope.
I once lost five years listening to a Pink Floyd album.
You are the poet, you walk inside my dreams...
I never confuse the cost of something with its value.
You bring your own weather to the picnic.
I think, therefore I am, therefore I am photographable.
I am thee and thou art me and all of one is the other.
We learn of great things by little experiences.
I want to cut off her head and take out her heart.
Love gives you eyes.
THTL— too hot to live.
There was always a way, when one knew what one wanted.
Over 85% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Dear God, teach me to be careless.
I found myself within a forest dark.
I am not so gifted as at one time seemed likely.
Sometimes home is a person.
Nothing worth while is every easy come by.
A taste for the beautiful is most cultivated out of doors.
When I go around and speak on campuses.
Every virtuous act is inspired by a dark secret.
...my head in the rainclouds, my heart in the sky.
Her heart was raw and trembling, and the darkness faded.
If Evil exists, it’s to be found in our fears.
Truth resides where there is faith.
Everyone has the revolver of resignation in his pocket.
It’s just that I’d rather die of drink than of thirst.
To live is to love, to love is to live.
I have seen your heart, and it is mine.
You know. Know what? That I only have eyes for you.
We never touched, but I made love to your mind.
Scattered wits take a long time in picking up.
You become what you think about.
Nothing in life is ever as simple as we imagine.
You can survive only if nothing is necessary to you.
Everyone has their own version of a memory.
I live in fear of being alive.
To grow up is to stop putting blame on parents.
Birds of a feather flock together.
And what’s he then that says I play the villain?
There is a world elsewhere.
Now is the winter of our discontent.
Are you decent? Richards asked.
Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead.
I’m afraid you’re going to have to make a choice.
He never leaves, does he?
But at least I tried.
I think of you so often you have no idea.
I never met a soul in this world as normal as me.
The more I feel imperfect, the more I feel alive.
If you plan for the worst, all surprises are pleasant.
I want to keep you, till the end of days.
His heart was simply to big for his body.
Hoping never really got us anywhere, did it?
Emotions that are forced always end in tragedy.
You’re like the cute version of the village idiot.
Light is in both the broken bottle and the diamond.
No hope, is worse than fear.
I will not negotiate with the undead!
Courage is the resolution to face the unforeseen.
The control of a large force is the same principle.
...a miracles is a reasonable thing to ask for.
Better to be screwed physically than financially.
What are you doing here Hiding with you ―.
To bankrupt a fool, give him information.
It was good and nothing good is ever lost.
Night falls fast. Today is the past.
You perhaps now know that desire reduces us to pulp.
An ounce of sauce covers a multitude of sins.
A warrior may change his metal, but not his heart.
Many persons lead lives of crushing boredom.
Define better with that guy. Not all fangs and raaaaar.
A blade of grass is the journeywork of the stars.
What are friends for, if not to help bear our sins?
When the stakes are high, bow down low.
One pierced moment whiter than the rest.
The ignorant pronounce it Frood To cavil or applaud.
The problem is that we humans are deep conformists.
I would read. I would explore.
I am drowning, my dear, in seas of fire.
Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions.
Certain blood was being shed for uncertain reasons.
Every thing in this world exist to wear you down.
I name you Elentiya, ‘Spirit That Could Not Be Broken.
Conflict is inevitable but combat is optional.
Bill, don’t look at me — I’m ’ideous.
Gloom is but a shadow of a cloud passing by.
Give sustenance, Allah. Give sustenance to me. ―.
I think there is a Paris inside us all.
It was a hobbit hole, and that means comfort.
Are the dead as lonesome as the living?
Darkness was cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
My mistake was in ever opening the books.
To live with angels and chase their dreams.
As Rumi says, We’re all just walking each other home.
A plague on both your houses.
More matter with less art.
My stars shine darkly over me.
Harsh words live in the dungeon of the heart.
A life without love is like a tree without fruit.
Beauty is a question of optics. All sight is illusion.
...my head in the rainclouds, my heart in the sky.
A bruise is how the body remembers it’s been wronged.
Sometimes wrong numbers are the right numbers.
The song is over. But the melody lingers on.
Sometimes one simply wants to disappear.
I never had a brian till freak came along..
The taller they are, the longer they fall.
I sucked blood from one of my best friends.
The Lone Ranger of vampires. Did that make me Tonto?
If the sky falls they shall have clouds for supper.
A bad boy can be very good for a girl.
Why would the stars want to look down on such as me?
Some doors are best left closed.
Sarcasm is irony which has lost its soul.
You can put it another way, of course; you always can.
Take what is offered and that must sometimes be enough.
Ideas come and go, stories stay.
Abundance is harder for us to handle than scarcity.
Witch, scholar, poet, dreamer, and the rest...
Humor was the enemy of desire.
Nothing in this book is true.
Pretend to be good always and even God will be fooled.
You will always love, and you will always be loved.
Not the intense moment.
If we ruin the earth, there is no place else to go.
When he died he would not end. The world would end.
Fate is inexorable.
I have the feeling I’ve been— unpleasant.
But now we have time. Endless time stretches before us.
What molds us is what maims us.
For pleasure has no relish unless we share it.
I learned failure early and mastered it.
The cure might be worse than the problem.
How do you get all those coins? asked Mort. IN PAIRS.
I let a little bit of the wolf show.
What makes life interesting are the challenges we face.
Be careful what you ask of Heaven; it might be granted.
Awake. And alone with demons of my own.
Third time pays for all.
I am here; and here is nowhere in particular.
I know what nothing means, and keep on playing.
This look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven.
Give thy thoughts no tongue.
Head clear. Mouth shut. See much. Say little.
I missed her, the idea of her.
At least he never walked.
It is more than possible; it is probable.
Silence was his escape, but silence is rarely a refuge.
Lost love is still love.
Silence is the only language god speaks.
Listen to the Chair Leg of Truth! It does not lie!
You are right where you should be / now act like it.
Fire consumes, but cold preserves.
Does the human heart know chasms so abysmal?
She needed him to be him. Even if he could not be hers.
Only the autodidacts are free.
When in doubt, say nothing and move on.
To his mind, free will was a privilege, not a right.
The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.
...Ivy’s COOK THE STEAK, DON’T STAKE THE COOK apron...
Wyrd bið ful āræd. Fate is inexorable.
Screwy, I said. Is that a medical term? Of course.
The world is the mirror of myself dying.
I remain thankful to God for all his mercies.
Virtual reality has nothing on Calvin.
A born king is a very rare being.
The body is the instrument of our hold on the world.
So you’re sticking with me, and I’m sticking with you.
For me, my thoughts are my prostitutes.
In tough times, a librarian is a terrible thing to waste.
A lot like yesterday, a lot like never.
Never do what you can’t undo.
On the Disc the gods dealt severely with atheists.
Aelin would have been beside herself with glee.
Trusting the one you love always brings good results.
…how monstrous the people you loved could be.
What are Fred and I? Next door neighbors?
I am at home among trees.
If you rely only on your eyes, your other senses weaken.
My love for you was greater than my wisdom.
To permit ignorance is to empower it.
…balancing the wish to be lost with the need to be found.
He Giving Treed me out of existence.
Never underestimate the power of being seen.
Done to death by slanderous tongue.
Therein lies the rub.
Well, every one can master a grief but he that has it.
Nothing can come of nothing.
Our responsibility begins with our imagination.
The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.
His weakness was his belief that evil had boundaries.
Eat chocolate first, destroy the world later.
We, the bones that are here, await yours.
Eat this sweetish segment or spit it out. You are free.
Something had been buried that was not yet dead.
This Forest eats itself and lives forever.
You have only seen the least of what I can do.
Here we go. Kerrick was as subtle as a thunderstorm.
Learn to see what you are looking at.
Two people rarely see the same thing.
One is alone when the last one who remembers is gone.
No sign, so far, of anything sinister—but I live in hope.
We grow fearless when we do the things we fear.
For death is life. It is only living that is lifeless.
...the change was adjustment without improvement.
Bein Crazy is the least of my worries.
I refuse putting from me the best that I am.
N OthI n g can s urPas s the m y SteR y of s tilLnes s.
Bitter is a bad way to live!
A world without hope, but no despair.
Cynicism is easy. An optimist is a braver cynic.
Maybes never are.
Where does contagion end and art begin?
Marvelous are the innocent.
Everything was good. But it was awful, too.
France is great because she is France.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
With the first kiss his mouth will taste of wormwood.
My mom could be really fierce. A regular Frau Badass.
The center of my earth is you.
How DARE the villainous cads be as clever as the heroes.
She went on because there was no going back.
The second mouse gets the cheese!
It should have been me.
Life is the train and not the station.
Each couple is its own vaudeville act.
The slave who dances is free ... while he is dancing.
If you were the poor, suffering was your currency.
Self is a sea boundless and measureless.
I thought of the future, and spoke of the past.
Emotions are the curse of logic.
Do I open it? Do I open it? Of course I freaking open it!
Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Music, moody food Of us that trade in love.
It were a grief so brief to part with thee. Farewell.
A little water clears us of this deed.
Some things need to be left unsaid.
Future hipsters will love me ironically.
I write for love, but love doesn’t pay the bills.
No great thing is created suddenly.
Life is habit. Or rather life is a succession of habits.
Perfection is terrible, it cannot have children.
Talking about my fears to others feeds it.
This, I said pleasantly, is known as getting it on.
I am older at twenty than a lot of people who have died.
Verbs. All of them tiring.
She was feeling her bohemian oats.
One could drown in irrelevance.
Today is only one day in all the days that will ever be.
You have to flaunt the weird, my friends.
Yes, I said, for the love of God!
Life can be all too brief.
I look as young as a person can look given how old I am.
Art is as useful as bread.
Nately had a bad start. He came from a good family.
All these books are published in Heaven.
Little things please little minds.
The past is the father of the present.
What happiness is there in just the memory of happiness?
When a gift is deserved, it is not a gift but a payment.
He said it was the kind of book you made your own.
The fights are always the same.
Sometimes the Universe wants to be noticed.
I have an Augustus Waters fetish, I explained.
There is no time for grief; there never is.
The only kind of writing is rewriting.
You your best thing, Sethe. You are.
The one duty we owe to history is to rewrite it.
He sure put things into words good.
I say that home is where there is a chair and a glass.
Nothing good is a miracle, nothing lovely is a dream.
Longing on a large scale makes history.
You are the only one responsible for your own wants.
He has the attention span of a hummingbird.
Books are solitudes in which we meet.
Roads are a record of those who have gone before.
Nobody loses all the time.
The most poetical thing in the world is not being sick.
What happened to truth? Did it go out of style?
It is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance.
You don’t need to conduct autopsies on your disasters.
I protest against any absolute conclusion.
I feel the fear, but I walk fast toward it.
We lost the crickets.
I have wanted you to see out of my eyes so many times.
You are all my reasons.
Nothing has to be true forever. Just for long enough.
If failure had no penalty success would not be a prize.
Darkness shields as much as it threatens.
When you shift, will your hawk form be plucked, then?
Aelin is alive.
I don’t exactly know what I mean by that, but I mean it.
Over his shoulder I saw a star fall. It was me.
Something almost, but not quite entirely unlike tea.
A new heart for a New Year, always!
But, like all happiness, it did not last long…
Normality is the Great Neurosis of civilization.
She gave me for my pains a world of sighs.
Love is blind.
Happy the eyes that can close.
If a fear cannot be articulated, it can’t be conquered.
All great spirituality is about what we do with our pain.
If wishes had wings, sheep would fly.
Touch magic. Pass it on.
Did they live happily ever after? HAHAHAHAHA. No.
The gods need heroes. They always have.
So now I get the scepter? Jason asked. Cupid laughed.
I think you’re drooling a little.
All who are born are always dying.
You too must seek the sun...
Dreams belong to each of us alone, just as pain does.
The dusk reeks of fornication and bad consciences.
I love this mansion, though it is too many windows.
The writer is more concerned to know than to judge.
The younger one looked to be completely useless.
Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.
As I let go of the past, the past let go of me.
Things never happened like I imagined them.
Overhead, without any fuss, the stars were going out.
You will not live through this if she does not.
Love is divine only and difficult always.
Even things that are true can be proved.
Truly there is no such thing as finality.
The world is a sea in which we all must surely drown.
People can only be found in what they do.
Don’t set yourself on fire trying to keep others warm.
I have a choice.
My talent was the uncompromising ability to feel spite.
I go where the lizards tell me.
The act of memory is an act of ghostwriting.
Life was so short; so many beautiful things slipped away.
When they come... they come at what you love.
Fear of the unknown. They are afraid of new ideas.
Words can wound, and wounds can heal.
Who will ever kiss this encyclopedia of a head?
He loved books, those undemanding but faithful friends.
Information is not knowledge and knowledge is not wisdom.
In families, there are no crimes beyond forgiveness.
The justice I have received, I shall give back.
You are vain and wicked- as a genius should be.
Magical things rarely age as normal objects do.
My mask of sanity was a victim of impending slippage.
Like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame —.
Though life is very glorious, it is difficult.
I guess some stories do not need telling.
Get ready, darling. This may spin your head.
Gold is the corpse of value...
Most so called FAILURES are only temporary defeats.
Seek the tarnish and you shall find.
Language can be very adept at hiding the truth.
You have to believe in it to get it...
Why do you insist on talking about what does not exist?
He’s more myself than I am.
Part 5 The Voice- Make that my voice.
I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
We are here to witness the creation and to abet it.
Escape is a commodity like anything else.
Another time, another place.
A weed is just a flower growing in the wrong place.
Like tired dogs they stand there.
I wish the country had fewer lawyers and more engineers.
There are certain qualities of light that blur the years.
What kind of a maniac needed over five thousand plates?
Mark my words, nothing smells worse than burned scorpion.
Even when she looked scared, she had a lot of guts.
It’s sweet. All this trouble for a kitty.
There is no spoon. I am completely spoonless over here.
It rained toads the day the White Council came to town.
Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.
Anything you do fully is an alone journey.
In skies of deepening blue.
Mother, I want to see him fly!
This must be the legendary Yankee rudeness.
I still found literary criticism to be a suspect activity.
I always had this secret suspicion that I was special.
For feeling, not events, is to me the essence of history.
Stop being so fruitlessly busy and.
You are Beautiful when you are happy.
Look to the living, love them, and hold on.
Anything worth having is going to be hard.
Whatever enchants also guides and protects.
Is this a private fight, or can anyone join?
They be crazier than we are.
The measure of civilized behavior is compassion.
Worse than madness. Sanity.
I loved her like a rabbit loves a rattlesnake.
Folks with most to complain about seldom complain most.
Everyone admires the bold; no one honors the timid.
Her eyes were olive green―incisive and clear.
And the game begins anew.
The sweetness of doing nothing.
I love you as much as the ocean kisses the shore.
Revolutions are not born of chance but of necessity.
The first rule of snooping is to come at it sideways.
Every step was a victory. He had to remember that.
Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of our lives.
The reaper does not listen to the harvest.
Tortall and the Queens Riders!
Get your dirty stinking moron knees off my chest.
Every road i traveled led back to you.
He dreamed of London and of a life that mattered.
Don’t worry about being good…. Aspire to be authentic.
After all, life is not a Hindi movie.
Life always wins.
Good to evil seems evil.
My yardstick is how somebody treats me.
The wet air was as cold as the ashes of love.
All partings foreshadow the great final one.
Funny how life messed with you.
Money does not change the sickness, only the symptoms.
He never felt lonliness except when he was happy.
Nobody quite knew what to make of the moon any more.
If it comes to a swinging, swing all, say I.
Our parents were a test tube and a turkey baster.
Love has nothing to do with good reasons.
All life long, the same questions, the same answers.
The face is the soul of the body.
Everyone gets the devil he deserves.
How many people have never raised their hand before?
One has always had a childhood, whatever one becomes.
What went wrong? Nothing and everything.
So now what? What happens when words fail us?
...and when is enough proof enough?
A pig painted gold is still a pig.
Get off me. You weigh more than the doors to your home.
When power is scarce, a little of it is tempting.
You can always find something you want.
When God closes one door, He slams another in your face.
Who are you and why are you my cat?
I love you Kat, Always Have. Always Will.
The world cracks open for those willing to take a risk.
The universe is mad, slightly mad.
The greatest danger is always the one we are ignorant of.
That is why most great love stories are tragedies.
Stand Fast Through the Storms of Life.
The comfort of reclusion, the poetry of hibernation.
In the center was a tiny handprint in red paint.
The reward is in the risk.
Honor is for the living. Dead is dead.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge.
I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die.
He who never makes a mistake, never makes anything.
We are all descended from monsters.
She reeked of tenure.
There is a place where the sidewalk ends.
Well, check this out. Mine is bigger.
Forgive. Forget. Life is full of misfortunes.
Too soon, the sun will rise.
David was catnip and kryptonite to me.
Oh, I am in love with life!
For nothing was simply one thing.
An enemy is someone whose story you have not heard.
Let all the poison that lurks in the mud, hatch out.
The owl goes not into the nest of the lark.
Whatever causes night in our souls may leave stars.
Life is but a series of misunderstandings.
This was business.
Rilla was fond of italics, as most girls of fifteen are.
I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
The water is DEEP AND DARK AND DANGEROUS.
When you make friends with fear, it can’t rule you.
Smile. It gives your face something to do.
The world is a zoo.
I chose fat and functional over slender and miserable.
And then she went to save her cousin.
You should never mistake affection for … passion.
Where your treasure is, there also will be your heart.
You have to jump into disaster with both feet.
Let me see. What are my other shortcomings?
And maybe, just maybe, it will.
I suppose I shall have to live now.
Words were secret doorways and I held all the keys.
It is indeed a mistake to confuse children with angels.
Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of our lives.
Paris was a museum displaying exactly itself.
He who believes needs no explanation.
It is said that in death, all things become clear.
Money is not nice. Money got no friends but more money.
Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.
But she makes hungry Where she most satisfies...
I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table. Macbeth.
He is as full of valor as of kindness. Princely in both.
No symbols where none intended.
I, to you, am lost in the gorgeous errors of flesh.
The profoundest of all sensualities is the sense of truth.
...without intelligence, there can be no humour.
Being turned into a lizard can really mess up your day.
Death is sometimes kinder than Love.
The Underworld had no mercy. It only had justice.
I have seen myself backward.
Matter is plastic in the face of Mind.
Before you measure the years, you measure the days.
Love means knowing when to let go.
I will guard you from Death, for I have no fear of him.
The earth is heavy and opaque without dreams.
Fear, what a strange thing fear was...
Give a thing a name and it will somehow come to be.
My head was full of misty fumes of doubt.
I wanted more time so we could fall in love.
Love is not a tragedy or a failure, but a gift.
There is no try, I said, There is only do.
Barnacles on the container ship of consciousness.
But I like it.
Time wasted is not always a waste of time.
Be less than what you are so that you can become more.
The time flies. The time flies feed on rotting clocks.
I had been there before; I knew all about it.
The cookie maker needs someone to look out for him.
Readers don’t work for writers. They work for themselves.
I dream with my eyes open.
Syphilis. Lots and lots of magically delicious Syphilis.
I prefer the term ‘sexual deviant’ myself, Saiman said.
Find what you want. I will find you.
Reality is the page. Life is the word.
Sleepwalking? Nightmare? Homicidal psycho jungle cat!
We are in love and meant to be together.
Nothing is more deadly than a deserted, waiting street.
Everyone is an idiot, I stated. Except me.
What are you laughing at? You are laughing at yourself.
She hates everything that is not what she longs for.
To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.
But what are kings, when regiment is gone.
I want to suffer and be purified by suffering!
There be three gentle and goodlie things, To be here.
They looked down on her; and she looked up through them.
I want to get out of here means I want to be innocent.
Corpus Bones! I utterly loathe my life.
She’d been born for him. And I was born to find her…
Love is a negative form of hatred.
Old habits are hard to forget, and old fears are habits.
Rowan was watching Chaol as if he might be dinner.
I come with empty hands and the desire to unbuild walls.
He seemed unaware of the messiness of the arrangement.
Its hard to die. Harder to live.
I come from Des Moines. Somebody had to.
Hope makes a good breakfast. Eat plenty of it.
The key holds the truth.
I invited myself. Thought this table needed some class.
It was as unbelievable as the moon catching fire.
Jesus was not a theologian. He was God who told stories.
Nothing important is completely explicable.
Society indeed conspires to keep you ball and chained.
Wage war on death. Live for love.
It was the worst hurt he had ever known.
There is no person without a world.
God never does anything accidentally...
A flower blooms best in a happy pot.
The flies have conquered the flypaper.
Banality is sometimes striking.
You love me this much!
In a world of bosses, you are your own master.
Push it. examine all things intensely and relentlessly.
Real. Does that make me imaginary?
Stupid pupil, it has to take everything in.
Sometimes the gods give you a break.
You is getting nosier than a parker.
It is a bad idea to live too long. Few carry it off well.
From a distance, most things look beautiful.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Is a novel anything but a trap set for a hero?
We are being very nomadic with the truth, yes?
First the priests arrive. Then the conquistadores.
Humans are animals of habit.
We lived in the gaps between the stories.
God is dead and I am his replacement.
Bring it on, Pinecone Face!
Worse than madness. Sanity.
Such excess of passion is quite out of fashion.
My head is pounding. I wish the mints were aspirin.
He whom the gods love dies young.
I was stained by failure.
For every wound, the ointment of time.
Form follows emotion.
Friends are the support bras of life.
Food that good deserved undisturbed digestion.
I silently told him. he asked. , I said frankly.
When was the last good kiss you had?
Her lips were drawn to his like a moth to a flame.
Did they know why they knew? Not at all. But the Knew!
One becomes moral as soon as one is unhappy.
Awe is what moves us forward.
Please understand and love me.
Souls and memories can do strange things during trance.
Death was far more certain than God.
Some folks want their luck buttered.
Ray, what you got to do is go climb a mountain...
It’s not an abomination. It’s a bunnycat.
You only value something if you know it’ll end.
The only thing you need to.
With friends, one is well; but at home, one is better.
I mean I never feel I feel what I ought to feel.
Nothing in this universe occurs by accident.
Come out, Neville.
Even with nougat, you can have a perfect moment.
Cake is not the issue here.
What are you planning? Something very stupid, I think.
Where are our allies, Aelin? Where are our armies?
There is no kingdom like the forests.
We have to be prepared for change.
We are all eaters of souls.
Everyone knows everything eventually.
Happiness is a skill. It requires effort and time.
Things happen to people by accident.
About clichés. Avoid them like the plague.
I love all of you.
I will stay alive.
Ful wys is he that kan himselve knowe.
It was September.
Limited minds can recognize limitations only in others.
I hope nobody took the Razzle Dazzle Rose.
Everyone has secrets. Especially me.
Maturity is produced through relationships and community.
The more you look, the more you see.
I rather like the smell of absurdity in the morning.
I would far rather convey grace than explain it.
Oh, ’tis love, ’tis love, that makes the world go round!
My voice is born repeatedly in the fields of uncertainty.
The sins of the father are to be laid upon the children.
You blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!
For an instant, silence, noisier than a waterfall.
Solitude was corrupting me. I needed company and care.
... you are loved because I love you.
How easy it is, treachery. You just slide into it.
Intelligence won wars, not brute force.
Jason hated being old.
What does your bed smell like? Regret and bad taste?
False fears are a plague, a modern plague!
There is plenty of work for love to do.
My mortal father used to say, .
For just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king.
Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart.
The queen smiled as she lay her head upon the pillow.
Being wrong about important things is exhausting.
Need is never a good basis for any relationship.
The soul is a circle.
Damnit! Nationalism should stop at the stratosphere!
The moon shows the truth of things.
Let every foot have its own shoe.
The problem of pretending to be alive.
I want to chase the butterflies.
And whichsoever way thou goest, may fortune follow.
Past glories are poor feeding.
What can I tell you, except the stupid little I know?
The greatest enemy of good thinking is busyness.
Tend to the people, and they will tend to the business.
What do I love when I love my God?
There are wolves within, and there are sheep without.
Ve haf vays of making you gif us your DNA sample.
Somehow one must love the world without being worldly.
If they ask you to stand still, you should dance.
He felt for a moment uncreated. Another kind of awake.
But. My hammer, said Thor. Shut up, Thor, said Loki.
A lovely evening of new idioms and fresh mozzarella.
Distorted realities have always been my cup of tea.
Fatigue is the safest sleeping draught.
Sometimes it take courage to leave.
Curiosity is one of the forms of feminine bravery.
The sea is endless when you are in a rowboat.
The freshness of my eyes is given to me in prayer.
I can’t fight pirates without coffee.
The world began in hazard and will end in it.
Come alive, dead heart, and sing.
Hamilton, the human word machine.
You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
I am the type of person that I complain about.
There is no time for the innocent.
The things I could do to you with a coat hanger.
Aside from myself, there was no sign of me.
He had her in his heart, but not always in his mind.
With the exception of dessert, food is food.
Giggling should be made illegal.
Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son.
Robert Todd Lincoln, a.k.a. Jinxy McDeath.
Just close your eyes and keep your mind wide open.
The world is evil only when you become its slave.
Never is too long a word even for me...
Poetry and art are the breath of life to her.
I am not old, but my young way was never the way to age.
I won’t be satisfied with anything less than everything.
Knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life.
There is a fine line between insanity and genius.
The fear is for what is still to be lost.
Patience and love can do anything.
Fang will be the first to die.
We is always so much better than I.
Any story worth its salt can handle a little shaking up.
There’s always time for arguin’ when you’re a Fuentes.
I am still alive then. That may come in useful.
We each devise our means of escape from the intolerable.
Being wrong about important things is exhausting.
Morality is seldom a safe guide for human conduct.
It seems, after all that there are no nonpeculiar people.
Though fallen low God raised her up.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Still, in the end, we all die just the same.
Force yourself to explain it and you create lies.
It takes years to build up, it takes moments to destroy.
But it was an ending.
Think positive girl, or the world ends.
Whasthat! Um ... those are the toilets.
Teach you to try marrying me, you idiot!
You put your time where your priority is.
The simplest questions are the most difficult.
When do I see a photograph, when a reflection?
I feel the hot winds of karma driving me.
My imagination needs therapy.
Even the donkeys were quiet.
I think I speak for all of us when I say, Huh?
One never quite allows for the moron in our midst.
A crown should not sit easy on the head.
What would happen if we spoke the truth?
For where thy treasure is, there also will thy heart be.
Mystery is the essence of divinity.
My lungs sucked at being lungs.
Life is not a wish granting factory.
Crying is you, plus tears.
Nothing to be gained by worrying between now and then.
I always root for the monster.
I belong to this notebook and this pencil.
Every general prohibition creates its bootleggers.
Autobiography is usually honest but it is never truthful.
The world is made by the singer for the dreamer.
I love you, I said, but not out loud.
...what they show tells you what they want to hide.
I find you in these tears, few.
Everyone should cultivate a secret garden.
You dont have to live forever just live.
I think I will keep you.
The conversation of bullets.
Even enemies were an inch away from friendship.
Why, it beats so i can love you.
I soon forgot storm in music.
There are such repulsive faces in the world.
Anger is the fluid love bleeds when you cut it.
The wind always brings us back to the same wall.
Memory loss is one way of coping with damage.
Words are the part of silence that can be spoken.
I was with the boy that monsters should fear.
I feel that I an everything to her.
When all else failed, she tried being reasonable.
It was a nice day.
There you are. I’ve been looking for you.
She was always reading, and she read very good books.
With every farewell comes a hidden hope.
Everything depends on which path you take.
The story of one person is the story of all of humanity.
There will always be a easy path and a right path.
Oh, he knows how to play, little bitty baby Potter.
She was the trembler of knees, the spiller of teacups.
Who knows? Have patience. Go where you must go, and hope!
Drive him fast to his tomb. This, from Jacques.
The opposite of fear, Dienekes said, is love.
You were born by his purpose and for his purpose.
You can’t jump for the stars if your feet hurt.
Just think it, and chances are it will happen.
And then, one day, my love, you come out of eternity.
Denial is not just a river in Egypt.
There is no one true church, no one chosen people.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Let life be short, else shame will be too long.
If you stay still, earth buries you, ready or not.
Belief in the causal nexus is superstition.
Behind their dark glass, the mad own nothing.
The day I went into physics class it was death.
I waited, as if the sea could make my decision for me.
Memory whispers someplace in that jumbled machinery.
I have left my book, I have left my room.
We haven’t lost everything, if we haven’t lost our hope.
We know ourselves only as far as we’ve been tested.
Life is like a box of cookies.
The strong look for more strength, the weak for excuses.
Yesterday I wanted to turn inside out.
I regret how much I believed in the future.
On the heights, all paths are paved with daggers.
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
The heart does not go backward. Only the mind.
He had a crush on a blueberry bush once.
ZEUS SUX and TYPHOEUS WUZ HERE.
All we can do, child, is follow our destiny.
Riding the crazy train into Insanity Land.
Credo quia absurdum – I believe because it is absurd.
Life there was hard and it made people hard.
A junkie spends half his life waiting.
Time flies with you.
The complete bottom has fallen out of my life.
Reading is awsome.
If the sun refuses to rise we will make it rise.
The stars know everything, So we try to read their minds.
I needed another soda. I’d only had six since breakfast.
Kings are falling like leaves this autumn.
Tragedy alters everything.
If pride is a sin ... moral pride is the greatest sin.
Some folks are happier not being saved.
But children robbed of love will dwell on magic.
Of all the seven deadly sins, only Envy is no fun at all.
They are all my favourites. All of them.
People can be slave ships in shoes.
Anytime you catch folks lying, they scared of something!
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities...
We ought to have lived in mental communion, and no more.
If his destiny be strange, it is also sublime.
I shall have to believe even though I cannot understand.
What year is it in your imagination?
Sweet life continues in the breeze, in the golden fields.
People are afraid of what they do not understand.
Home is everything you can walk to.
And by the way, showers. Look into them, Doug!
Planet Shane is a lovely place a long way from here.
By the way, a gendarme assured me this is not a prison.
Life is now in session. Are you present?
Lord, why are you silent? Why are you always silent...?
He is crooked enough to hide behind a spiral staircase.
If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
True allegiance is only given willingly.
So pRetty i hAd to Eat hiM.
So many miracles have not yet happened.
In the beginning, there was physics.
Lonely children probably wrote the Bible.
What business does memory have with time?
What degradation lay in being young.
Time and Patience.
...where there is no more hope, song remains.
Joy is the reflex of terror.
One cannot love what one does not know.
Beauty is a riddle.
...all cynicism masks a failure to cope.
Find a pile of gold and sit on it.
Imagination, like reality, has its limits.
A rose is a rose is a rose.
Yes, wolf, I see all. And by all, I mean some.
Fate can be one mean god at times.
Pride is all very well, but a sausage is a sausage.
Dance, Feyre, he whispered.
His words were coated with glorious boredom.
He wanted this someone to see how much he hurt.
Do it for the fat lady!
Love is, after all, a curse of suffering.
Reason was for suckers and Presbyterians.
Will you punish me forever?
The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it.
Love is the essence of a full and wonderful life.
There is room in the human heart for all the divinities.
What we need is equality without conformity.
All my means are sane, my motive and my object mad.
All shall love me and despair.
But borrowing strength builds weakness.
I should have been a great many things, Mr Mayor.
I was jealous; therefore I loved.
Dad? Um, listen. I have kind of a crazy story for you....
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
I feel that others live up to me, if they want me.
Old people, with other old people, are not so old.
I have supped full with horrors.
Love is holy.
I have drunk and seen the spider.
It puzzles the will.
My heart broke open and history fell in.
When we did art with the kids, the demons would lie down.
What was God doing with himself before the creation?
Try not to get caught up in antiquated gender roles.
Kryptonite doesn’t bother me, either.
My past was a private obstacle, not a public excuse.
...the endless repetition of an ordinary miracle.
Growth is betrayal.
The frost makes a flower, the dew makes a star.
Perfect love drives out fear.
Did you ever have a sister? did you?
So i do what i do best. i move in the opposite direction.
Every person has their own colour.
It takes a child to say the unsayable.
How easily this unthinking family love was forgotten.
Only humans can cry tears.
It’s just life. You can’t beat life.
The universe had a strange sense of humor.
Crimson suits you best.
You have a humming dodo bird, I said stupidly.
The House is in the house Chapter 38.
We were all dressed like a ragtag group of reject ninjas.
We could have chopped down the sycamore with this...
But how can one be warm alone?
All seasons have something to offer.
Once a guy stood all day shaking bugs from his hair.
My whole desire is to burn myself away.
Your heart has to let your head know what it wants.
Every moment is enormous and it is all we have.
Life is the greatest show on earth!
For every victory there is a price.
I have guts, just not when it counts.
I was blown up while we were eating cheese.
Work could cure almost anything.
I will greet this day with love in my heart.
It was always once springtime in my heart.
As long as nothing happens anything is possible...
A novel is an impression, not an argument.
There is no escape if love is not there.
Happiness is a choice. It is not always an easy one.
We need time to lose interest in things.
Love is mysterious and rad, like Steve Perry from Journey.
You are not my mother. You are a scary Snort!
Will there be heinous fuckery, Pocket?
Missing rubs the soul raw.
Some people had attack dogs. Ghastek had attack lawyers.
I suppose I’m the one responsible for destroying myself.
For Wayfarers still journeying, for Wanderers at rest.
Behind one truth there is always yet another.
Nothing ever truly faded. Time only dulled the edges.
Miss me? Bet you did ... so would I.
Speak of a wolf and you see his tail!
The time you quit learning is the time to quit playing.
Deception is mostly a game we play with ourselves.
Imagine a world in which there is no time. Only images.
The very shapes of the trees were like frozen screams.
I will bow to no one and nothing but my crown.
Fear never shows up and the party ends early.
There something beneath the surface of things.
God has prepared a path for everyone to follow.
Only love could pick a nested pair of steel Bramah locks.
You have to live to really know things, my love.
Nothing is static.
No matter how bad things get, you can still walk away.
The lucky ones are just born dead.
For all for children To whom we entrust the future.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
You might not understand but i gave you the best of me...
Family is a life jacket in the stormy sea of life.
You say their stories, it is gift they give you.
When I’m mad I don’t have room to be scared.
Hope was all that stood between them and death.
He turned slowly like a fridge door opening.
...go in the direction your head is pointed in.
He who whets his steel, whets his courage.
Judge not that ye be not judged.
So long as they speak your name, you shall never die.
I nearly always write just as I nearly always breathe.
Are we savages or what?
The past could be jettisoned ... but seeds got carried.
Grief dares us to love once more.
Few love to hear the sins they love to act.
Beauty is bought by judgement of the eye.
How is it that the clouds still hang on you?
These times of woe afford no time to woo.
Fair is foul, and foul is fair.
Do not start me on.
Do you believe in the life to come? Mine was always that.
How could you fall in love with a three inch worm?
I believe in God, God. God, I believe in God.
True love can break the most powerful curse.
They worry about my sanity i join with them on that.
So, I can hurt now, or hurt later.
In a way, I was safe writing.
Illusions are more common than changes in fortune.
In the end, everyone loses everyone.
And now such a warm commotion, such busy love.
The simple and most complex answer is love.
Life was weird.
Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it yet.
Upon him the contempt of three planets descended.
Special things have a way of surviving.
Did I lose you? Never.
What is obscenity? And to whom?
What came is gone forever every time.
...painfully curious...about how it feels to fall.
All I wanted was humor and wisdom.
It is easy to love and there are so many ways to do it.
One may be clogged with honey and unable to rise and fly.
Sometimes the loudest cries for help are silent.
The doorway to success swings outward not inward.
Spikes, he sighed. Heads. Walls.
Calls her beautiful, but she cannot hear...
I think the future deserves our faith.
She never liked me much, but she sure loved me.
Our infinity is bigger than other infinities.
Still, even when false, legends can be most informative.
Sometimes now was enough. Sometimes it was everything.
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
Leadership is what you need to learn next.
If fear is too strong, the genius is suppressed.
God help us for we knew the worst too young.
My whole life has been one big broken promise.
The blood is life... and it shall be mine!
You know the rules. No jazz before a rumble.
Life has a way of breaking even the strongest among us.
Life before toilet paper was not worth living.
Truth, like beauty, is in the eyes of the beholder.
I knew that, when needed, mountains would move for me.
Too much has been forgotten in the name of memory.
Knock your bad self out.
But responsibility hardens the heart. It must.
Things which in my mind blossom will.
An idyllic childhood is probably illusion.
There is always room for at least two truths.
I learn more from books than from people.
Longing is not always a reciprocal thing.
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.
Nothing can be repaired or advanced but only accepted.
Behind every great fortune there is a crime.
Lists are a form of power.
The world can only see us as we see ourselves.
Be wise. Be brave. Be tricky.
Fiction is the lie that tells the truth, after all.
I was not so old that I would deny my own senses.
That which had pleased me once, troubled by spirit.
Anything else, Butler? The cosh, sir.
Above all else show the data.
The truth is the light and the light is the truth.
Love was a country he knew nothing about.
The best wines take the longest to mature.
...there are times when silence is a poem.
A society manufactures the heroes it requires.
Ursula craved solitude but she hated loneliness.
If it has to be done at all, it must be done with grace.
How easy it was to lie when one had to lie!
I carried recipes in my head like maps.
I belong where you belong.
Nothing comes without a price.
The fastest way to travel is to be there already.
The Luggage said nothing, but louder this time.
Stefan shook his head. , he thought.
Money talks and walks, but it does not bark.
The light is the left hand of darkness.
Love was the key to understanding all of the mysteries.
What is outside is harder to change than what is inside.
Everything is still falling apart.
The damaged love the damaged. True fact.
This is the upside of already being eternally damned.
Maybe the truth is I really want to like you instead.
We cannibals must help these Christians.
Humans are almost always lonely.
Death is the only water to wash away this dirt.
Love only brought me lonliness and horror.
Life, not death, is the great mystery you must confront.
All that glisters is not gold.
Fortune favours the brave.
The more there is of mine, the less there is of yours.
We mask our needs as the needs of others.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Is birth always a fall?
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
She’s with us.
My color is my joy and not my burden...
Light is constant, we just turn over in it.
There is no bad luck in the world but whitefolks.
I’m just kinda tired. Like a monkey in the rain.
She was seriously in love, but she never made demands.
It was a strange feeling, like touching a void.
The sky slowly pulled up its blue dress to reveal night.
...an infinitely blank book and the rest of time.
You can never lose what you have offered to Christ.
Without the light, no chance; without the dark, no dance.
I had a craving for pineapple and a pink cardigan.
Eíste pánta mou…
Where I live, everything is very small.
Words are the source of misunderstandings.
To begin at the beginning.
We are broken open, or we willfully shed.
The heart is a place of secrets...
If we knew what comes next, we never would have worried.
What in life can love not penetrate?
Hard work should be rewarded by good food.
Should haves lead to death.
You cannot expect stone to be as pliable as clay.
Writing is the act of discovery.
Nevertheless, his moustachios are splendid.
One knows so little. When one knows more it is too late.
So basically your plan is to flail about helplessly.
The Lord of Rags and Tatters.
Set the world afire. Just let me hand you the matches.
Feminism is the theory. Lesbianism is the practice.
There are other people who have it a lot worse.
People never think things that are true are funny.
I missed the future.
She was loved deeply, but not widely.
He was having an illicit affair... with his own mate.
In those days, there was no money to buy books.
The sky was pure opal now.
Only love can keep anyone alive...
Everyone has a price.
Again time elapsed.
Memory sometimes makes merciful deletions.
I forgot the defective can be more than the whole.
Puppy presents on the rug. This sucked.
Has anyone ever told you that you lack focus?
How weightless words are when nothing will do. ―.
I still live.
A garden always has a point.
I am enormously wise and abysmally ignorant.
Lives are short, but knowledge is eternal.
Me and normal have never really been on speaking terms.
Somewhere i have never travelled, gladly beyond.
Curing the negatives does not produce the positives.
If you have to do it, you can do it.
Hiding from the truth was worse than being lied to.
How gleefully life shreds our well crafted plans.
Probably is a word with an emergency ejector seat.
Implores the Ghost of Future Regret.
If God makes all our faces, did he laugh when he made me?
Crying is part of the adventure.
I reach into my bag and I pull out my claw hammer.
Everything possible to be believed is an image of truth.
We become what we behold.
There is no room in my body for anything but you.
More in love with desire than with the desired!
Truth is most beautiful undraped.
My face is a transparent transmitter of my every thought.
Strange, it is a huge nothing that we fear.
Treason is very much a matter of habit, Smiley decided.
When she smiled it was as though she embraced the world.
Remorse is the poison of life.
No one can be free who has a thousand ancestors.
Innovation is a very difficult thing in the real world.
There is nothing so serious as a game.
I like cheeseburgers too much to be a model.
I like em young, dumb, and hung. Reign the Radiant.
Inadequate love is love. Unrequited love is love.
Everything is a test.
Some things are more important than death.
One alien is a curiosity, two are an invasion.
Om is the bow, the arrow is soul.
Prohibition is the trigger of crime.
Yes, I kidnapped that Lindberg baby.
There are no wrong decisions ― only different ones.
People see what they want to see when they need to.
Remember that all the others are more afraid than you.
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
All mortal greatness is but disease.
It doesn’t matter what you do, only how well you do it.
The challenge is to write about real things magically.
Jack the sound barrier. Bring the noise.
His voice was low, charged with unspeakable adjectives.
John Brooke is acting dreadfully, and Meg likes it!
Find the gift in the little things.
All of them had a restlessness in common.
Every day a question mark.
Grace will take you places hustling can’t.
Hope is really a thought.
Live the beauty or your own reality.
The enemy is the tyranny of the dull mind.
Love- what is love? A great and aching heart; Wrung hands;.
Guardian angels guide the steps of idiots.
This blessed plot, this earth, this realm, this England.
As merry as the day is long.
I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano!
The process of revision should be constant and endless.
Unfortunately, there are no guarentees in life.
The end of one thing is just the beginning of another.
More than my own life.
The Seeker needed a nice long lifetime eating sunshine.
Kiss me, Jacob. Kiss me, and then come back.
Tomorrow is another day toward death.
You have to have been in love to write poetry.
All I wanted was humor and wisdom.
Stories are a communal currency of humanity.
There are many things we only see clearly in retrospect.
Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.
If you wish, you may call me Rand Sedai.
I am not gone but merely walk within you.
Because survival is insufficient.
And so being young and dipped in folly.
Never offend an enemy in a small way.
Even the best of us are thrown off some- times.
Jealousy is a strange transformer of characters.
No one can be free who has a thousand ancestors.
It seemed to happen in springs, the revealing of things.
There is nothing more sir, than to love and be loved.
The door refused to open. It said, Five cents, please.
Every junkie, he thought, is a recording.
Sooner or later the Narrative will come for each of us.
Absolutes are Coercion. Change is absolute.
I could fall for you in a heartbeat.
Unfortunately, diplomacy was a dance I needed to learn.
Nothing is but what is now.
Redd shed caution like an outgrown skin.
Use that fluff of yours you call a brain.
How can I go on living here and suspecting everybody ?
Sweet smells are sometimes used to cover foul ones.
There are things to be learned even from the dead.
And he loved her suddenly because she loved him.
Unity has never meant uniformity.
I will fight for my country, but I will not lie for her.
Every paper girl needs at least one string.
We are now as I wished we could be then.
Suffering is universal.
I do love you and what else matters but that.
The best art always comes unbidden.
Were you born stupid, Heinrich, or did you have to study?
I am reminded of the importance of small kindnesses.
Airports and train stations are where you get to cry.
I want to sleep for half a second.
Redemption is never where you expect to find it.
I can smell the sin on your breath.
The one unforgivable sin is to be boring.
A point, like a joke, is a terrible thing to miss.
In a state of conflict or a conflicted state.
It is all falling indelibly into the past.
Because all bad little vampires see me in the end.
Death cures all ills. Well, most of them.
I was going to die and it was taking forever.
To friendscorts. Like escorts, but without the cash.
I can be a good dragon, when the occasion requires it.
Pimps make the best librarians.
All media work us over completely.
Are you asking me or telling me?
All we have is the story we tell.
Nobody could stand an eternity of Heaven.
Take what you have learned, and move on.
That Hieronymus Bosch. What a weirdo.
Mostly you are what they think you are.
I started having doubts right on top of my certainty.
She was a mind floating in an ocean of confusion.
This is a fierce bad rabbit;.
The thrill of being ignored!
Spying is waiting.
This ship is built on secrets; it runs on secrets.
People will survive anything for their children.
Those whom God wishes to destroy he drives mad.
He is not apprehended by reason, but by life.
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.
It is not time that matters, but you yourself.
You took the best, so why not take the rest?
I ran like a thing that runs.
What is the answer?
How empty is the world when you lose the one you love.
The world was too big, too full of splintered dreams.
Problems of the heart always bruised the soul.
Life is an act of faith.
The darkest hour of the night came just before the dawn.
Love is bullshit. Emotion is bullshit.
Without further warning, the sky opens up and cries.
Might. Is there any opiate more powerful than that word?
It was a kiss from the past.
And it was lonely, to yearn, all alone.
Within every elaborate lie, a kernel of truth.
The one Word that rips apart the day...
This was the Great Romance. To love at any cost.
Depth answers only to depth .
…nothing remained but loneliness and grief…
...boredom was as exhausting as backbreaking labor.
She sings a dark destructive song.
As all born teachers, he was primarily a student.
You cannot be happy until you understand that life is sad.
Love attracts only one thing and that thing is love.
The truth, however, was stranger still.
It is always darkest before the dawn.
But only a fool sails into combat with nature.
I wish you all a long and happy life.
I will find you, Amy. Lovesick words, hateful intentions.
You give me a great desire to love.
A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
This too shall pass.
Ready to go but never to return.
O, while you live, tell truth, and shame the Devil!
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.
They are but beggars that can count their worth.
Nothing got inside the head without becoming pictures.
I want to be wherever you are.
Outward appearances mean everything.
We think not in words but in shadows of words.
When you walk, you make an echo where they used to be.
I was here on earth because I chose to be.
There is more than one good way to drown.
Facts always are sensational.
So much in a revolution is nothing but waiting.
Who gathers the withered rose?
I was the life and she was the soul of every party.
So then, what do you believe in?
God is always the last resource.
A theory is a battlefield in your head.
Everything in life is a metaphor.
Money does talk, but it has a limited vocabulary.
I want, I don’t want. How can one live with such a heart?
People change, though, especially after they are dead.
Tell him I took the cat.
I can’t believe it took me this long to be here with you.
The very thought of being with you undoes me.
Then we slooshied.
Horrorshow is right, friend. A real show of horrors.
Dreams go by opposites I was once told.
I have taken to living by my wits.
Cannot a Beast be tamed?
Love is random; fear is inevitable.
Reality itself is too twisted.
Real gold fears no fire.
The only thing worse than cruelty is delegated cruelty.
As children grow, they gravitate to their fates.
No more to say, and nothing to weep for.
Guard the portals of your mind.
They were just buying time in scrapes and tatters.
Facts have a tendency to obscure the truth.
It was the truth, and like any truth, it was powerful.
She did not come to him, however. he tough.
What the King dreams, the Hand builds.
The morning air was dark with the smoke of burning gods.
The air smelled of paper and dust and years.
Contempt, thought Tyrion, the universal tongue.
After all, the world is still great.
The ideal has many names and beauty is but one of them.
My lord. It is too much, and not enough.
You are treasure beyond any price.
Love is to people what water is to plants.
We are our injuries, as much as we are our successes.
You need a story to displace a story.
Much of what other people know isn’t worth knowing.
This is the Homosexuality Is An Abomination Club, right?
Everything that comes together falls apart.
Qhuinn wanted to scream... Yes he has!!!
Love, I have discovered, does not judge. It just is.
Down the long and silent street.
My heart is heavy with the things I do not understand.
Who are we without our memories?
And the end of all our exploring.
Are you prepared for the first wound?
Good food and good eating are about risk.
Violence is born of the desire to escape oneself.
Love, though added emotion, is substracted capacity.
Give me the courage to stand the pain to get the grace.
What’s her name? Claire, what’s her name?
Does he give you zings in your things?
The first magic wave kicked the world in the face.
When you hunt predators, the best camouflage is weakness.
You cannot grow a beard in a moment of passion.
Love is a power which produces love.
Mother went out again tonight, looking like a courtesan.
There are so many cities in every single city.
I have all the power, but you will destroy me.
Beauty is a promise of happiness.
Let the dead bury the dead.
Life is sad. Here is someone.
It’s easier to believe in aliens than in gods.
The well heeded well heard.
Roses, she thought sardonically, All trash, m’dear.
The silence was always the greates temptation.
If her soul ever leaks, I want it to land on me.
One wild card was yet to be played.
Crackers are short on sparkle.
Reality in strong doses frightens.
I drink because I wish to multiply my sufferings.
How anxiously I yearned for those I had forsaken.
Once is never. Twice is always.
No rest for the wicked, no peace for the good.
The rules are very strict...
Literature is a struggle over the nature of reality.
Most problems can be solved through cake.
Maybe her own tears were the poison that made her grow.
Occasionally he would very nearly swear.
Pride is something only folk with money can afford.
Better than being a dog leashed by a psychotic monster.
You drove me mad.
That is between me and my shadow.
In my brain were stored a thousand pictures.
I learn things late–and only the hard way.
Christ entered our world. As a result, we can enter His.
This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.
Besides, hysteria is only possible with an audience.
You need to learn patience, you grasshopper.
Neither can live while the other survives .....
A Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being.
Religion is more than rite and ritual.
Science explained people, but could not understand them.
And joy is always a promise.
Good writers touch life often.
To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
I am going with him, if he climbs to the Moon.
Please, God, send me something to adore.
What is there to fear in such a regular world?
You speak so feelingly and so manfully, Charles Darnay.
Strength and beauty must go hand in hand.
I do love my family, but I really just go for the food.
To win the game was to leave it.
As long as you are dreaming, there is always a way out.
How could this have happened when everything was normal?
Mourning has its place but also its limits.
It’s all too much for her, the cruelty of human beings.
All dreams continue in the beyond.
The air smelled of paper and dust and years.
Some of us wear our hearts. Some of us carry them.
Perfection is overrated. Perfection is boring.
What ho, apothecary!
Self knowledge is always bad news.
She was gone and the coldness of it was her final gift.
Solitude was corrupting me.
Bigger room, darling. Like I said, we need a bigger room.
Correct what you can; learn from what you can’t.
We never shape the world ... the world shapes us.
I been away a long time.
At times like this, adults need a drink.
What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real.
What am I doing in this eternal winter?
Deceptions are more frequent than changes.
Years were passing through the spaces between moments.
We found ourselves veiled and separated from our friends.
Your soul knows the geography of your destiny.
Not with whom you are born, but with whom you are bred.
Why are you so interested in amoebas?
There is never only one, of anyone.
Not real can tell us about real.
You did wrong in all the right ways.
When the State withers, humanity flowers.
Love is homesickness.
Learn always but never appear to be learning.
I see everything twice!
In a world that lives like a fist.
Ease off the martyr throttle.
Now that I am moving, I am afraid. Where am I going?
I thought if I told no one it might not be true.
The starting point is a question.
Memory fills my body as much as blood and bones.
Reality has an odd habit of catching up with satire.
I have so very much. I have so very little.
I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think.
You sweet…beautiful…lunatic, he heard himself mutter.
My heart only beats as an echo of yours.
You are loved, and your purpose is to love.
Culture is a slingshot moved by the force of its past.
Life should imitate romance literature far more often.
We are who we are for a lot of reasons.
Eternity bids thee to forget.
Worry is yet another side effect of dying.
The part I enjoy most is not the doing, but the noticing.
I read, therefore, I matter.
Shared sorrow is lessened, shared joy is increased.
She always has close calls when she solves a mystery!
Love accepts. Forgiveness comes in time.
You can be the hunter, or you can be the hunted.
If stupid were fuel, we would never run out.
Fate has a twisted sense of humor.
The end of the world can be cozy at times.
What else is belief but direction?
Why something and not nothing? why music and not noise?
The first casualty of any battle is the plan of attack.
Most hatred is based on fear, one way or another.
She set the course of his life with just a smile.
You need the art in order to love the life.
We never wanted to conquer the world, only our fears.
Mother was delicate the way badgers were delicate.
It was not possible to reason with unreasonable people.
Well, said Mary, love is ferocious, too.
Stars to live by. Stars to steer by. Stars to die by.
The dead are often known to eat 27 and 53.
I wish my wish would not be granted!
I learned that getting mad was easier than being sad.
My pleasures disappeared with my vices.
Power floats like money, like language, like theory.
He who would be everything cannot be anything.).
Desperate love is always the toughest way to do it.
Since when, he asked.
You could have valued our lives more than your secrets.
Im here and he’s not. That I’m alive and he’s…
To explore the inner country of his own soul.
I may not have all the time I thought I had...
Speech is silver but silence is golden.
To save my son, I would plot with the devil himself.
But I wonder if there is a place I fit in?
Love makes hunters of us all.
Fathers should make you feel safe.
Sometimes you have to fight fire with a blowtorch.
What is a writer of fiction but a liar with a licence?
Or maybe I was learning that nothing was black and white.
Take it out, then.
The whiskey looks like transparent wood in my glass.
Death was hereditary. You got it from your ancestors.
Words have always had the power to change the world.
Taint what a horse looks like, it’s what a horse be.
But that was a lifetime ago. A different person ago.
I love you.Thorns and All.
Progress means nothing to presence.
The machine conceals the machinations.
Desire is not what you see, but what you imagine.
No one could make a choice without feeling afraid.
Solitude is not absence of love, but its complement.
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
Fear creates a form of spiritual amnesia.
At night the sky is pure astronomy.
Every island to a child is a treasure island.
Love is a skill you learn.
Proof that no investment is yours forever.
Ignorance was bliss.
Evil can do anything, for a price.
You are in so much more trouble than I thought you were!
Thank you for trusting me.
Authority figures always attract trouble.
Maurice and Alec still roam the greenwood.
A dream without a plan is just a wish.
You wait. Everyone has an Antarctic.
She drove like one of the damned on holiday.
I shall remain on Mars and read a book.
Not all those who wander are lost.
It is plain that we were meant to go together.
I Know I shall be homesick for you... Even in heaven.
I think we are all hopelessly flawed.
Who dares not speak his free thought is a slave.
A guy who treats his mom well, treats his wife well.
Survivors lived with their mistakes.
Not everything you wanted, deep inside, worked out.
Geisha is always called beautiful even if she is not.
To the stars, on the wings of a pig.
What pillow can one have like a good conscience?
If only one had time to think!
Paintings. Or the collapse of time in images.
She is an incredibly intelligent idiot.
I’m not really a nerd; I only aspire to be one.
Should I remove my soul before I come inside?
The purpose of art is to provide what life does not.
In music one can hear everything.
My mother raised me, and then freed me.
He tastes like my deepest craving fulfilled.
Not everything is meant for all to hear.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
Sometimes things are better off forgotten.
What pillow can one have like a good conscience?
With hope, a mind is always free.
Underground, the story continued.
The invasion of Iraq was a bandit act, an act of.
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead;.
I am both worse and better than you thought.
It takes a good habit to replace a bad habit.
How far would you run with a piece of lead in your heart?
When fear rules, obedience is the only survival choice.
The sacred pint alone can unbind the tongue...
Newborns reminded her of tiny buddhas.
But the silence spoke volumes.
Novels without female characters were a lifeless desert.
Could it ever be explained, how matter becomes conscious?
Everyone knew as much as they needed to know to be happy.
How quickly the dead faded into each other.
This life is but the childhood of our immortality.
Normal. She wanted normal and so did I.
The proper study of Mankind is Everything.
I would never blame a human creature for feeling lonely.
Life has very little even ground.
The highest distinction is service to others.
And if I died, at least I died For thee! for thee.
Nothing lasts forever, Mouse.
Literature is the aesthetic exploitation of language.
Does God want goodness or the choice of goodness?
Two sides of the same coin, but which side is which?
Darkness bound them closer than light.
The heart is an organ of perception.
We all know how to be a child.
I worked because I could control it.
I broadcast thru Time.
For me the curse is a crutch, but the con is everything.
Whoever controls the king, controls the kingdom.
We may not die from age, but we grow weary with it.
No story that juicy was going to stay secret for long.
We walk the paths we choose.
But, God knows best, I concluded.
There is always a but in this imperfect world!
Poems are small moments of enlightenment.
To encounter a fine book.
Love me as I am, sweet one, for I shall never be better.
Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master.
The best calumnies are spiced with truth.
That’s no law, just a sword. Happens I got one too.
Who watches the watchmen?
You are wary of treachery? More wary of stupidity.
You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder…
Maybe we invented metaphor as a response to pain.
Some infinites are longer than other infinites.
Fear of change was a weakness.
Look upon me, Mistress. Watch as I wither!
Learn to be difficult when it counts.
It can never be necessary to do what is not honourable.
When theres a will theres a way.
All cases are unique, and very similar to others.
And anyway, who wears a tiara on a jungle gym?
She smiled with the warmth of a penguin.
He said, The word for moonlight is moonlight.
The term itself—my life—is a desperate overstatement.
DEAR BABY, Isn’t it good to know winter is coming—.
Something about the goat dancing made me want to cry.
She smacked him so hard his momma felt it.
Where poverty ceases, avarice begins.
Football is a wargame of land acquisition.
Had he expected me to hump her leg?
Time is the speed at which the past decays.
How lazily xperts dismiss what they fail to understand!
The soul is a verb... . Not a noun.
Kisses were better than potions.
So thoughtlessly we sling on our destinies.
Teasing is arousal without the promise of release!
It is as natural to die as it is to be born.
Nobody had told me I was common.
I have had my vision.
Ignorance gives one a large range of probabilities.
Her teeth were like a soccer crowd, crammed in.
Soft or hard, love was an act of heroism.
Great pains were taken to hide chains with flowers.
Books are cold but safe friends.
At last my heart was too full.
Here Mr Potts come here you little idiot!
His words were full of hope and threat. Like the stars.
Her kung fu is that powerful.
Lecturing Brooks was as useful as lecturing a cat.
No one ever hates without a cause....
A coincidence is just an explanation waiting to happen.
I will learn to smile at my enemies.
My angel, Carold said. Flung out of space.
He believed nothing he was told and trusted no one.
Now when I die, I shall only be dead.
It was a clear, black morning, encrusted with stars.
Because the reward is worth the risk.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
His eyes reflected the open grey of the autumnal sky.
Trust can be a hard lesson; hope still more difficult.
A question is a polite way of demanding something.
SOD YOU, THEN, Death said.
When much is taken, something is returned.
Remind me tomorrow to tell you how charming you are.
I could barely look at him without wanting to combust.
Take nothing with you, leave nothing behind.
Invincible is just a word.
There are two kinds of knowledge, local and universal.
What is more arrogant than honesty?
Did all this make sense?
The whole world is a disaster waiting to happen.
No matter what happens, it’s always now.
This is our world now, and those ancient people are dead.
I will write my way into another life.
About that proposal, cupcake... Morelli.
There was some justice in his pain.
To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!
I love you, Hermione, said Ron.
I have a story that will make you believe in God.
How accommodating love is; it forgives everything.
If nothing hurts, that means I woke up dead.
So, then. You want a story and I will tell you one.
And when Franz Ferdinand pays, everybody pays!
Look at the Darkness, giving birth to the Sun.
My body is but the lees of my better being.
The hands of a king are the hands of a healer.
Follow what may, great deeds are not lessened in worth.
Just be quiet and accept the praise.
To a life; which is reason unto itself.
It is a sin to write this.
You save yourself or you remain unsaved.
This is the room of the wolfmother wallpaper.
This bed yawns beneath the weight of our absent selves.
Some things just have to be believed to be seen.
Ever drifting down the stream.
What light through yonder window breaks?
Twas a clever quibble. Here, a garment for it.
The bees in my stomach are dead and getting used to it.
To expect reason is where the fallacy lies.
Do those clowns really believe what they teach?
You are my business!
Wish all my corpses would do that.
My heroine would be myself, only in disguise.
Let me fly with you.
Pray on all occasions. Unlocked page 38.
NOW is a fact that cannot be dodged.
Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.
Faith can reclaim deserts as well as move mountains.
I often dream about the Dolphin Hotel.
How did her life live itself without her.
Failure means nothing now, only that it taught me life.
A handful of crumpled stars.
Darkness there, and nothing more.
What done is done. We need to move forward.
How hungrily we read about ourselves!
Isolation is the optimum environment for creativity.
Once you get a brother, you don’t give him up easy.
I used to think it was immoral to be unhappy.
Truth is light. Lies are shadows. Music is both.
We cannot stop what Heaven chooses.
What happened next depends on how much you believe.
If all else fails you can read.
It/ll be better tomorrow...
My days are as long as despair can make them.
These books are my friends, my companions.
There was a feeling I wanted to feel that I did not feel.
The world will not alter for all your meddling.
There would be no sequel to the sadness.
Harsh justice is still justice.
Well, what do you expect? The Comedian is dead.
He needs to go rub his soul against life.
The past is all we know of the future.
You do not want to win an argument. You want to win.
Quality is the best business plan.
Truth is a letter from courage!
Pudge, my friend, we are indefuckingstructible.
Before any of it could make sense, it had to be heard.
It was nice to spend time with someone so interesting.
We have to forgive to survive the labyrinth.
Bad deeds like beauty, are in the eye of the beholder.
Losers have goals. Winners have systems.
I am a vampire. Blood does not bother me.
It was strange how easy being tired enough made it.
My vocal cords lived their own life, wild and free.
The living always think that gold can make them happy.
There is no Mystery so great as Misery.
She was but a transient impression, half forgotten.
Everyone deserves to have someone who loves them.
Styxx was damned and happiness never came to the damned.
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved.
With God, all things are possible.
Reason is nothing less than the guardian of love.
You were his, Ox. Even then. And he was yours.
All my integrity seemed to lie in saying No.
Only people with full stomachs become environmentalists.
The spirit was willing but the flesh was weak.
Food for thought requires a mind with teeth.
Drugs are always fun.
Some nights, we were a city of two.
Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind.
My life is full of broken halos.
I am the most unhappy soul alive.
Silence held the bubble of the world in its grip.
It ain’t what they call you; it’s what you answer to.
I caught a pebble in the moonlight.
Whatever hour you woke there was a door shutting.
All the time she writing the world had continued.
Tragedies come in the hungry hours.
Love once, love always.
If loving you means getting dirty, bring on the grime.
She has done for me at last, Rachel my torment.
Let me say the good are often punished unfairly.
Language is sometimes a barrier instead of a pathway.
But live while you live, tomorrow you die...
No army can stop an idea whose time has come.
People do not read stupidities with impunity.
Oh! Everything I loved!
Will you miss him Holly?
A map, it is said, organizes wonder.
We belong to the race that knows Joseph.
Vegtables, what food eats before it becomes food.
...Nothing puzzles God.
As long as possible live free and uncommitted.
Ask me to marry you. Will you marry me? No.
Slightest accidents open up new worlds.
Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep.
Even in darkness your lips taste of sunshine.
It’s only a scratch, don’t cut my arm off!
And Clare, always Clare.
The universe was bad enough without people poking it.
I imagine that fish have no word for water.
She was not afraid.
The king was pregnant.
God, I wish you could have been there.
Free the snow globes!
Think only on the climb. Think on what you control.
Always busy because of interesting books.
Thank you for your childhood.
You should see me work my magic in leather Ranger.
Saved by the grandma Ranger.
My Spanish is limited to burrito and taco.
To be next to her was to have everything.
Hope, he learned, was sometimes all a person had.
Have a biscuit, Potter.
Thou cannot harm a butterfly, without troubling a star.
Down the toilet, lookit me, What a silly thing ta do!
Lovely morning, World War Two.
Yeah, actually, gamers in the house forever.
Life is soon.
You are the cause by which I die.
A day without writing was a little death.
... bums on the outside, libraries inside.
No bird soars in a calm. WILBUR WRIGHT.
And he smote the Balrog upon the mountainside.
Her failure was a useful preliminary to success.
Marriage is one long sacrifice.
Being is seeing in the human dimension.
The more you learn, the harder the lessons get.
The universe does not work by our rules.
She feels and she cries. It is to be admired.
Knowing your purpose motivates your life.
The sparrow still falls.
The land is so much more than its analysis.
It was autumn, the springtime of death.
Magic things are fond of deceptions.
Sightseeing is the art of disappointment.
Preach it, I say preach it.
Think only on the climb. Think on what you control.
Sexual desire is a state not unlike hunger.
See the child.
Live. For Now. For the time being.
Let not your heart be troubled. Neither let it be afraid.
Forever is only the beginning.
He looked like a Yanni fan at an Iron Maiden Concert.
This is the light of the mind, cold and planetary.
My bones hold a stillness, the far Fields melt my heart.
Strict seriousness was far more dangerous than any joke.
Her eyes held an endless kind of love for him.
... bums on the outside, libraries inside.
He who has a partner has a master.
Knowing that you want to die makes you less scared.
Oblivion seemed the only reasonable option.
What does it remember like?
Not to have a choice is also a choice.
The best way to get over your fears is to face them.
I could marry the Devil himself if he had some money.
Lose your temper and you lose the fight.
...those who love suffer when who they love suffers.
Faith is simply whatever is real to us.
Never trust the one who excels.
Oh, my gods. There were furies in the Covenant. ―.
But this one was a writer, not a reader.
The evil always comes from details.
Life is always where we are.
What we fear we often rage against.
The good news is I peed before going to sleep.
Sorry about your sausage dog.
One withers, another grows.
I eat a catfish sandwich.
Mind is shapely, Art is shapely.
That blue flame burnning? Industry!
With wine, poetry, or virtue.
Somebody always wants more.
You don’t know what you are.
Better safe than exsanguinated.
Lies. Mab cannot change who you are.
Reality is always so obstructive.
Love trumps logic?
Our love would be death. The embrace of imaginings.
I am not who I was, but I know who I am.
He always smiles, even when contemplating nothing good.
Sometimes you must shed your skin to save it.
Put that in your mustache and smoke it.
The truth is never horrible, only interesting.
This is no time for refusing to look facts in the face.
Every person has hopes and dreams.
Life has bigger plans for you than you can possibly know.
Magic is the cheat codes for the world.
Never around when you needed them, heroes.
You made a sacrifice. And heaven rewarded you.
None of us is ever ready.
The heart of my life; the life of my heart.
Her always is mine.
My brain is sending poison to my heart.
Courage is the only virtue you cannot fake.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
It is difficult to write about a real person.
Cavall came simply and gave his heart and soul.
She was too busy feeling grief to dress like grief.
Maybe I want to be tied down and forced to admit it.
She loved mysteries so much, that she became one.
All salvation is temporary.
She was crying, with wild entreaty, the way one vomits.
Sometimes it just seems that love is not enough, does it?
And this was the price you paid for sleeping together.
And that was the end of the beginning of that.
Honesty is hard work.
At the still point, there the dance is.
There was something very fishy about Riley Bay.
You have a genius for bringing trouble upon yourself.
Not everything that happens to us happens because of us.
Misfortune is a fine opiate to personal terror.
The borrower is slave to the lender.
Let him become a fool, that he may become wise.
Smugness is the Great Catholic Sin.
She had given me a piece of what made her life sane.
Happiness was happiness wherever you found it.
To agree to keep a secret is to assume a burden.
Anger is the spirits telling you that you are alive.
I just want to be wherever you are.
This was a manuscript of the night we couldn’t read.
Poetry is prose in slow motion.
Nothing ever happens to me.
You’re a siren who doesn’t need to sing.
Life cannot go on without a great deal of forgetting.
But you cannot change what you are, only what you do.
The luxury of age was the giving up of vanity.
Our newness lies only in parts rearranged.
Boys had something else...a sort of swagger about them.
The best way to know a city is to eat it.
All rising suns set.
The music provokes a sharp longing the music soothes.
I have been loved said Edward to the stars.
With the gift of faith, we move on.
Mothers are like cops. They always believe the worst.
Optimism is a sliver of glass in your heart.
All professions are conspiracies against the laity.
It was the fault of destiny!
Fear is shiny. Ruthless in the eyes.
Arthur, their young king, like a hero out of legend.
The search for God begins at the point of need.
What love commences can be finished by God alone.
We are all privately agreed that it is better in books.
…determined to enjoy her luxury of grief uncomforted.
There’s a dignity in consequences.
In the deep night of metaphysics, all cats look black.
Scars heal, Sylvie said. Even the worst ones.
Why can no one here think of anything but chocolates?
Let the jagged edge of sobriety be now dulled.
Bad spelling can be lethal.
Education had been easy. Learning things had been harder.
Then let me call you Mine for a dance or two.
Soul is to be found in the vicinity of taboo.
I have learned to suffer in silence.
It reads better than it lives.
Deliver me, Tyler, from being perfect and complete.
Love is a rebellious bird that no one can tame.
Retribution is a dog chasing its tail.
He had a body like batman.
Love is like wind u cant see it but u can feel it.
Harry―yer a wizard.
LETA Oh, Newt. You never met a monster you couldn’t love.
I felt I was beating a rainbow to death.
I can only tell my story, what you believe is up to you.
Art theft gave a guy an appetite.
It was not a house where secrets could be kept easily.
Impressed. Lord. He had nearly drowned.
Lies; they always come back to haunt you.
And sleeping put an end to summer, 1928.
Adventures only make you late for dinner.
The hasty stroke oft goes astray.
Today is today. But there are many tomorrows...
Prophets have a way of dying by violence.
My hair is holy. I grow it long for the God.
Enemies are a given. Friends are not.
You must begin with God.
Sunset Towers faced east and had no towers.
Because he loved true things he tried to explain.
You’re only ever as happy as your least happy child?
There is no real way to deal with everything we lose.
What we know matters, but who we are matters more.
The only question is how to make love stay.
The mind creates those things that exist.
You are good for nothing unless you are clever.
If you are going to be pushed you had better jump.
You can miss a lot by sticking to the point.
Our view of reality is only a view, not reality itself.
If he is not the word of God God never spoke.
No heart is so hard as the timid heart.
Remembrance, like Rembrandt, is dark but festive.
Why am I covered in feathers? I bit a pillow, or two.
Why does Ian think I have to kiss you?
Haven’t you ever been in a fairy tale before?
…beating time along the edge of thought.
My flesh winced, in cowardice, from such a death.
Anything less than your best dishonors God.
Healing comes from the healed; not from the physician.
Jamie… I only want to be where you are. Nothing else.
You never know when somebody will pull you to them.
Her stillness defeated his storm.
The way back will come but once. Be steadfast.
A spoonful of hope and a cup of despair.
He was outwardly calm but inwardly bleeding to death.
I have never died all my life.
Preheat the oven to full whack.
She stood out like a sunflower in a field of wheat.
Nothing is impossible…when you’re me.
He was male and ripped in all the places I was soft.
One can die but once. Dim died before he was born.
Because she was a princess she had a pegasus.
New Yorkers, I figured, just pretended to be unfriendly.
The narcotic tobacco haze of Capitalism.
Clock hands move noonward.
I have drawn the line, and I am still on this side of it.
Unleashing a passion can transform a life...
Every generation welcomes the pirates from the last.
Do us all a favor and toss your mouth overboard.
Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown.
The rottenness comes from within.
Looking for Narnia? You’re in the wrong universe.
And the crow once called the raven black.
Jon Snow, you know nothing.
A thousand deaths would still be less than he deserves.
There is no shame in loving.
Older than sin and twice as mean.
I wind up stretched across the couch.
We are only the trustees for those who come after us.
The simplest explanation is most often the correct one.
When things go our way we reject the lack of certainty.
The radio comes back even louder than you remember it.
...you got tuh go there tuh know there.
So her soul crawled out from its hiding place.
The point is that there are always answers.
No one is dead as long as someone is still alive.
We are not as frail as the strings would make us believe.
The marks humans leave are too ofter scars.
Fritz hates dead bodies in the front hall.
Life is about doing what is necessary, and you did.
Males are the most incomprehensible species.
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
I am Revan reborn. And before me you are nothing.
Tears never were worth the effort of crying them.
You never understand anybody that loves you.
When she cried her whole face went to pieces.
I pity the poverty of your wealth.
I always notice flowers.
With time and thought, one can do a good job.
Without a future, the present serves no purpose.
Traveling through space is stupifyingly monotonous.
All empires become arrogant. It is their nature.
There is a shabby nobility in failing all by yourself.
Dead things show you what you’ll be too one day.
The score is still Q to 12!
Think about all the tomorrows of your life.
Fundamentalism is dictatorship of the mind.
Water sleeps, but Enemy never rests.
Love is big. Love makes room for conflicting feelings.
Misfortune is no excuse for cruelty.
I fear that we shall be obliged to leave this pudding.
When life robs you, sometimes, you have to rob it back.
If you think you are powerless, then you are.
A poem should not mean But be.
Happiness wishes everybody happy.
Benny was awake again. Happened every morning.
There is no virtue if there is no immortality.
There can be no love without justice.
When weeds go to heaven, I suppose they will be flowers.
Today has been a day dropped out of June into April.
In my definition I am a protest writer, with restraint.
Except for memory, time would have no meaning at all.
Dreaming was only nice while it lasted.
The bruises are vivid, but they will fade.
But her emails! —the internet, 2017.
Non sum qualis eram. I am not what I once was.
A bad hunter chases, a good hunter waits.
And the new day was a great big fish.
She would not go quietly.
Given all that had been done to her and all.
You look rather pretty today.
Cherchez la femme, Bucky. Remember that.
If somebody at least listens it not too bad.
Even stopped clocks are right twice a day.
Transformations always occur during moments of crisis.
Without solitude, Love will not stay long by your side.
Context is to data what water is to a dolphin.
You are permanent, but this life is not.
The on­ly thing I know is ev­ery­thing you love will die.
I am the child of a lunatic. Not a child of God.
Sleep was a country for which he could not obtain a visa.
Judge not, lest ye be judged.
He traced the genealogy of the feeling.
Bullets are creepy. Stephenie.
Nothing is really lost or can be lost.
Experience was the most painful of teachers.
She turned the key, never taking her eyes from him.
Wait until tomorrow to find what tomorrow holds.
I was abused my family was the brady bunch.
An excess of reason is itself a form of madness.
Youth may outrun the old, but not outwit.
...as young and as ancient as Spring....
Faithful heart may have froward tongue.
Every worm has his weak spot. لكل أفعى نقطة ضعف.
…nothing seemed impossible in the beginning…
Stay stupid. Follow your unconventional, crazy heart.
Poverty is a great equalizer.
Anticipation is the best alarm there is.
Absence makes the heart grow desperate.
It is what it is. You are what you it.
We are seldom as limited as we think we are.
A birdie with a yellow bill Hoped upon the window sill.
The high point of your life was when you knocked me down.
That was pants.
I can forget injuries, but never benefits.
The thought of her hands.
There is no time, sir, at which ties do not matter.
Every mode of travel has its signature mental aberration.
Words pale and lose their savor while pain is always new.
She was an artist. She held opposites in her mind.
I suppose the pain of parting will be red and loud.
What is, is what must be.
Like all bullies, they’re cowards underneath the swagger.
It hung above the livid, bruised land like an admonition.
A skeptic, I would ask for consistency first of all.
Love, love, I have hung our cave with roses.
Arguments can always be found to turn desire into policy.
She likes a rigged game.
This early piece of the morning is mine.
The cost of growth is always a small act of violence.
Flaws in oneself open you up to others with flaws.
It was an exceptional sensation, reading by spiderlight.
...friendship is something you do.
But you were a fool to bring that pider into this house.
I am what I am. To look for reasons is beside the point.
Life finds a way.
I eat my heart out alone.
What will you do with the time you have left?
Anger falling asleep at the heart.
More diamonds and pearls of electricity.
...salute the new sunset.
Steak swallowers zonked on Television!
The Package is the Product, onomatopoeticized.
Brainwash cried Romney, the Governor of Pollution.
Enraptured in hypnotic war.
Senseless, senseless coughs of emotion.
It was good to be hugged. Even by a monster.
All friendships are negotiations of power.
Insecurity, thy name is teenager.
How can you be a lover of love.
With her jaws and talons, Saphira tore through an Urgal.
Moderation is a wiser policy than zealotry.
A bar of gold means much more to a pauper than to a king.
She walks in beauty.
Timing is everything.
Is reading a sport?
Goals begin behaviors, consequences maintain them.
It was hot, the night we burned Chrome.
I love the Princess Diaries series! Do you?
She walked fast, to keep ahead of her fear,...
Sometimes there is truth in dreams.
Reading is a majority skill but a minority art.
Life always refused simplicity.
Artists thrive on suffering.
The past is relevant only as data.
For scientists, reality is not optional.
He tends to mistake the unknown for the nonexistent.
The only perspective is to really be there.
The marks humans leave are too often scars .
It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.
Funerals, I had decided, are for the living.
Sometimes even the imagination lets one down.
He was finding it ruinously expensive to be rich.
Wealth is good when it brings joy to others.
For Kim did nothing with an immense success.
Water sleeps, and the enemy is sleepless.
I do not want a boy. I only want Monseigneur!
Writing is a treason of sorts.
There was something irresistible about popcorn.
Dying’s easy. It’s living that’s hard.
It takes a long time to grow young.
This is the Mona Lisa of bad diners.
I fink I gots deaf on me willie.
Jesus was a strange hobo who walked on water—.
A feeling of sadness that only bus stations have.
Is it arrogance if one is truly superior?
My heart keeps finding new ways to love you.
Only Celts would use nine letters to make one sound.
They hold a grudge like it was their family treasure.
They threw me off the haytruck about noon.
The hand that holds the money cracks the whip.
A naked moon stood in a naked sky.
Private lives are more important than public reputations.
The secret of life lies in laughter and humility.
Better to separate than never to marry.
For the moment, my life is a little schizophrenic.
That was the trick- to keep punching, no matter what.
This life came so close to never happening..
My work is one long triumph over my limitations.
Greatness is the courage to overcome obstacles.
Heaven is the most angelically dull place in all creation.
Genius lives only one storey above madness.
You did thirst for blood, and with blood I fill you.
Before me things created were none, save things.
That with him were, what time the Love Divine.
We insist, it seems, on living.
Life and a lover.
You could be the perfect spy. All you need is a cause.
Silence and stars.
There is no dusk to be, There is no dawn that was.
And then what would she say?
What a terrible thing war is, what a terrible thing!
The best way to look at the soul is through closed eyes.
I left proud, but with my spirit crushed.
Fear of aesthetics is the first sign of powerlessness.
Imagination is what you need.
How fair the realm Imagination opens to the view.
She suddenly found herself laughing without bitterness.
What demon possessed me that I behaved so well?
Doubt was much more energy efficient than conviction.
Garden work clears the mind.
For a time, then, we stay. For a time. Till the changes.
In the presence of love, hearth and quest become one.
There’s no story that’s the start of itself.
Everything struggles to live.
A world with one month is a world of equality.
Love is always enough.
Become my friend and you embrace a nightmare.
The night was as black as the inside of a cat.
Gayer than a tree full of monkeys on nitrous oxide.
We are not only what we eat, but how we eat, too.
The first love is the difficult love.
Why are you crying, Fireheart?
I want to be a writer, not an engineer who writes books.
Time does not pass, it merely changes.
Only cowards hide behind silence.
The first road to God is prayer, the second is joy.
Ev­ery­thing you re­mem­ber is wrong.
The first step to eternal life is you have to die.
Geniuses have the shortest biographies.
Blimey! There are two of them!
Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him.
I know you by heart. You are inside my heart.
Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything.
Hold Everything Dear.
The most beautiful highway in the world.
But lies were what people wanted; that was politics.
A liberal is a conservative who has been arrested.
Evil has only the power that we give it.
Ignorance is the parent of fear.
They shared a doom against which virtue was no defense.
Better never begin; once begun, better finish.
Emotion is first of all and in principle an accident.
Mac looked up with the oddest of all his odd expressions.
Pray do not interrupt me, he wrote. I am smiling.
Holes in my heart Yeah. That was about right.
I tell myself it will protect me. He will protect me.
You mess with one Quinn, you mess with them all.
You are damned, and we wish to share your damnation.
Knowledge is only a rumor until it lives in the muscle.
Even his hair seemed more startled than usual.
Disney world is an armpit,compared to Montana!!
For the snark was a boojum, you see.
Bertie, do you read Tennyson? Not if I can help.
And you try to quiet your mind so you can hear...
The only reason I left was to protect you.
I almost took the door off the car.
That was the first night I dreamed of Eward Cullen.
If it seems too good to be true... it probably is.
But it’s the truth even if it didn’t happen.
The letters are mixed up. U and I should be together.
Does fate ever play by the rules?
Misfortune does not help us to believe.
He said nothing. Very sarcastically.
Most of the troubles in life come on all of a sudden.
The silence is so deep it hurts our ears.
It was hopeless, life, really. It was set up all wrong.
He is afraid the shame will outlive him.
If god exists, he is not to be believed in.
I must learn to love you.
I surrender to it, and by surrendering, I control it.
Those in pain have no time for the pain they cause.
You know what, the jacket’s like the car.
Having time to read was nice and relaxing.
I will handle it.
Myths have a very long memory.
All blessings do not bless the same.
There are no random acts.
False emotions broadcast thru the Land.
Eat Meat and your a beast.
Trees hang their branches.
Eat Eat said the sign.
We never know how we love til we try to unlove!
Courage is not the lack of fear, it is fear plus action.
Your soul fits the void in my soul perfectly.
Does she know I feel immobile and fixed, lost in her?
You never miss the water until the well runs dry.
She gets sick of things fast, it’s from being an adult.
Sometimes words were like glass that broke in her mouth.
This was a place where tattoos outnumbered teeth.
Stop making excuses and just do it!
The more things change, the more they stay different.
Stones are hard everywhere.
The sea is never weary. I must be as tireless.
The crow calls the raven black.
No one who wears a crown is ever safe.
I made no threats, that was a promise.
This is not anarchy, Eve. This is chaos.
The older you get, the more you live with ghosts.
Spontaneity is the province of youth.
Love will be our medicine.
Be sweet and carry a sharp knife, was her motto.
‎Should we do this now?
Sometimes you just have to roll in it.
The Key to Success is Action.
Scars signal skin in the game.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
The true power lies with you.
If only we could have picked our family...
Prince Charming was requesting presence tonight.
Language buries, but does not resurrect.
I guess I had a hamartia after all.
We think that we are invincible because we are.
Thank you, Yoda. Feel the force, Luke.
You got shot at and you still got me an air conditioner.
It’s very rarely a good career move to have a conscience.
Nobody had beheld the gravitation of the two into one.
Such miserable creatures of circumstance are we all!
Somebody threw a dead dog after him down the ravine.
To be a tourist is to escape accountability.
There is a world inside the world.
The truth of the world is exhausting.
You sure about this writer thing son?
And the stars were icicles of mockery.
People were, essentially, the secrets they kept.
The kid was so handsome, he almost looked unreal.
If they try, I’ll eat them first.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
I love the sea because it is boundless.
It was a silence that heard itself, awful and beautiful.
We did not just go to the stars. We became the stars.
How easily she finds the impossible in the ordinary.
Music’s a wood you walk through.
Idiocy is the essence of the male mind.
You are demoted from First Tiger to bulk rate.
No sport is less organized than Calvinball.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Holy unanticipated occurrences!
Anything worthwhile is tough.
He who fails to plan, plans to fail.
There is no grief like heartbreak.
Greatness is one of the sensations of littleness.
I try to follow his example, not to imitate him.
Let us not become so cautious that we forget to live.
Losing yourself in a book is the best.
How fast the stream flows from January to December!
What a lark! What a plunge!
No retrospect will take us to the true beginning.
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.
You are afraid of me, because I talk like a sphinx.
Where there is law there is injustice.
Books are cold but safe friends.
Books are cold but sure friends.
The cruel of heart have their own black happiness.
To destroy abuses is not enough; habits must be changed.
Reality alone justifies everything.
How anxiously I yearned for those I had forsake.
Every empire grows until its reach exceeds its grasp.
Humans in space suits make monkeys nervous.
With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.
Time is a blind guide.
Evil can never touch the person who refuses to accept it.
The past was so past it hurt.
Anything that can be dreamed is true.
I think we are worlds compressed into human form.
Love is the only thing we have to save us.
She could read the phone book and make it sound erotic.
Gentleness shown once is mercy, shown twice is folly.
People are not punished for their deeds but by them.
What would a Mohammedan vampire do if faced with a cross?
I could never regret you. Us.
Against one perfect moment, the centuries beat in vain.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
He was using his words as chains to bind her again.
Where is Aelin? Where is my wife?
The silence brought back everything around her.
They can send death at once, but life is slower...
Can true function arise from basic dysfunction?
I have to return some videos.
Nothing in this world is useless in the eyes of God.
I had failed to make a gift of myself to God.
It was an especially wonderful time to be a noisy moron.
Optimism is the first symptom that any disease is fatal.
Every evening, I died, and every evening, I was born.
A shadow of a reflection of an image of an illusion.
Never forget that all you have is all you need.
It’s really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course.
In opening them, he discovered that he had eyes.
Who rebels with mathematics?
Nothing loved is ever lost or perished.
Life is so expensive.
For if a priest be foul, on whom we trust.
By prayer, community is created as well as expressed.
His flesh took paleness from his bones.
We cannot insure success, but we can deserve it.
The great storm is coming, but the tide has turned.
There may come a time at last that I.
Here is a hall without exit, a tunnel without end.
The day the flesh shapes and the flesh the day shapes.
We have so much difficulty imagining nothingness.
Courage is the gift of character.
No one who goes against her can win.
The God knows when to smile.
I love fall The season of warm colors.
That’s my girl. Live a good life, Ava.
Where the determination is, the way can be found.
Life offers more than one chance, Cathy, you know that.
Give them your brains, girl, never your guts.
The person who is too smart to love is truly an idiot.
He is one of those whom God has not quite finished.
It is a sin to think words no others think.
Then she remembered.
Sadness is what holds our bones in place.
I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.
My spiritual life is found inside the heart of the wild.
The soul may ask God for anything, and never fail.
And the stars were icicles of mockery.
There is no later. This is later.
I don’t want the corpses of flowers about me.
Do not fear to lose what needs to be lost.
There can never be surprises in logic.
What comes around goes around.
The wasting of finite resources is everyones business.
What smells good in the store may stink in the stewpot.
The lawn was white with doctors.
My hours are married to shadow.
You your own best thing, Sethe. You are.
The best thing she was, was her children.
You must go through a winter to understand.
So shines a good deed in a weary world.
Never grow up...always down.
But even things that heal leave scars.
There are certain things I do not talk about.
Knowledge is often a responsibility nobody wants.
Good fortune is the best of all mistresses.
My God...it can think.
Irrepressible curiosity vied with an instinctive fear.
The unwaking world was as hushed as a deep forest.
He learned not to mind the silences.
There is no perfection only life..
We can’t always tell the whole story about ourselves.
Echo was becoming essential, like air.
We slept in what had once been the gymnasium.
Relationships should be built on trust and truth.
Everything ends. I am not afraid.
Don’t make threats unless you intend to follow through.
I guess I’m just that awesome.
I am not her. I will never be her.
Why should anyone be frightened by a hat?
I saw, I wrote, and the world changed a little.
A happy love is full of quarrels, you know.
My friends are the beings through whom God loves me.
Clear nights are sometimes the coldest.
Go then, a starveling girl With no perfume or pearls.
Sometimes...I just want to run away from it all.
You’re a liar, Cassel Sharpe. A lying liar who lies.
He was so slim, his heart was visible.
Who could be happy in a world of podiums and microphones?
Emotion gives us strength.
The Queen Seeker was back!
England is never in a hurry because she is eternal.
I cannot control even the dreams that I have made.
She always chose peace over truth.
But no, I used all my brave up.
...everyone goes home in the end.
There are no innocent people in a guilty nation.
History is the third parent.
Marry in haste, Repent at leisure.
Aaron, in order to die you have to live a little first.
Then the storm broke, and the dragons danced.
You cannot tame a dragon with a history lesson.
It is better to be seen as cruel than foolish.
Power is a trick. It lies where we believe it lies.
Some words are wind, ser. Some are treason.
Everything is connected.
I am not Cugel the Clever for nothing!
What we know of others is our personal secret.
Soon never comes soon enough to a young child.
I never learn anything from listening to myself.
Eric, what are you doing? Snuggling.
You have to play it out sometimes.
Easy to exemplify my true feelings towards him.
Mount and begone. The world awaits you.
Reciprocity is not mandatory.
It began with a shattered dream.
Beth, he whispered. Come back to me.
The girl, Maggie, blossomed in a mud puddle.
Nothing gives life more zest that running for your life.
Sometimes isolation can be shared.
Love is a delusion that binds mortals to their fates.
Stop believing what you want to believe. It’s unbecoming.
Our dreams recover what the world forgets.
I am relieved. May I now have the truth?
She mixes religion with desertion to make it sound noble.
Some promises are lies we never meant to tell.
Encyclopedias don’t win wars.
Love has a most unfortunate effect on the brain.
Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit.
Live, for this is the time of your life.
For every mile the feet go the heart goes nine.
Her face looked like it would shatter any second.
Pain is not wat you get, it is wat you give.
They are wildflowers. They would not want a name.
Do not entrust your future to the limits of your stride.
Count the deed, not the thought.
Making ourselves feel ugly is not fun. We are ugly.
We had run out of infinity.
Only a conquerer bothers to honor a fallen foe.
No revolution succeeds without sacrifice.
Somewhere, a sparrow is singing in B minor.
Nobody knows anything.
I have a cunning plan.
Create whatever causes a revolution in your heart.
Books lay on the floor in literary dunes.
Guys with nice person names try to be sympathetic.
Believe that further shore Is reachable from here.
Haste denies all acts their dignity.
Musical beds is the faculty sport around here.
I did it on purpose.
After all, tomorrow is another day.
Love works in mysterious ways.
A lot could happen in a week. Just look at the last one.
Chance created the situation; genius made use of it.
Fathers, provoke not your children to wrath.
But we are all human, I thought, wondering what I meant.
We parked our bikes on verges so they could graze.
If that was life, then it was twisted.
The bark on the tree was just a little softer.
Nothing in life is easy.
It takes time and the conscious choice to listen.
In this life, you have to be your own hero.
…when the dying sun bled the blue sky orange.
Chance is just a word expressing ignorance.
But, though French, she was also very brave...
I love you always. Time is nothing.
I think I know why you never married, Sarah.
...rational thoughts made out of insane components.
...logic is only a way of being ignorant by numbers.
Science is not interested in what stands to reason.
Welcome to the court, pup.
He’d think about that later.
Her wrath became a song in her blood as she ended them.
I didn’t want you to feel inadequate.
You do what you love, what you need.
No—she wasn’t human at all. Celaena was Fae.
What about my kiss?
Yet we were rescued by that fancy, and saved by a myth.
People like best what is hard for them to obtain.
As so often in life, things are not always what it seems.
It is the imperfect that astonishes and attracts us.
In order not to suffer, you had to renounce love.
Clothing is dishonesty in its purest form.
The things you own end up owning you.
I embrace my own festering diseased corruption.
The martyrdom of me.
Life is too short not to be who you are.
The secret of survival is a defective imagination.
Sweetie, nothing that flies looks safe, including birds.
How far should a person go in the name of love?
..and only sticks and stones can break my bones.
Amy, since when do you have a boyfriend?
It was not an end, it was a beginning.
In the silence, our stage whisper might carry.
He left in a state of distraction and a winter coat.
Fighting isn’t about knowing how. It’s about deciding to.
My lungs taste the air of Time, Blown past falling sands…
Hard tasks need hard ways.
Desperate people are the most dangerous.
The plural of anecdote is not data.
Happiness was waiting to be chosen.
Why were there no buoys in life to show you the way?
But their eyes were as cold blue glass buttons.
Time is the school in which we learn.
A passion thwarted will often go astray.
Live as though life was created for you.
So you have your price. Your soul for a cookie.
History doesn’t start with a tall building.
People are messy, unpredictable things.
The creatures I seek do not want to be seen.
A forced smile is uglier than a frown.
I did not know that I was so empty, to be so full.
I love whom I love.
I am disabused of all faith, and see too clearly.
I get into a rut, unable to yank my mind out of it.
There is no God, and conversation is a dying art.
Maybe that was love. Choking sounds and silence.
I forget sometimes what laughter can do.
Give us strength, oh Lord, to let our children starve.
Lalalalalalallalalallalalalal have nothing to say.
How do I know what I think till I see what I say?
Fiercely to cherish, softly to guard.
And, Sassenach, he whispered, your face is my heart.
The truth has teeth.
Good girls always come second.
Not to be onto something is to be in despair.
The world is full of incomprehensible words.
But if I’m with you, I’m not afraid.
What good were real feelings anyway?
The movie’s not over till everybody’s dead.
My heart and the elevator, a plummet inside a plummet.
To be normal is a splendid ideal for the unsuccessful.
Her tactics are brutal. The Marines could employ her.
To dream the impossible dream, that is my quest.
Friendship was always contingent.
Art is long and life is brief and mortality looms.
But reality has too much darkness in it. Too many crows.
Real love’s beautiful, elusive, and mean as a snake.
What? And leave him? He was insane.
The kid is scary.
Oh, the sweetness of giving in, of full surrender.
Everyone who is interesting has a past.
Never tell a child that something it’s too hard.
What is it about sadness that can be so fulfilling?
Religion is the opiate of the people!
Love is very beautiful, but very, very sad.
Life is not notable for its overabundance of certainty.
You need a prostate to understand, I said.
Nicodemus is a murderous murdering murderer...
Fear could paralyse. Action was the antidote.
You should probably marry me. He smiled.
Interesting how life goes on in spite of itself.
Only my pain is more silent than my anger.
Sharpening your knife is never a waste of time.
It is terrible to be an unprotected being.
Reading books again? Books will ruin your sword eye, boy.
Give me sweet lies, and keep your bitter truths.
There are no happy endings.
I would sooner be flesh and blood than silks and jewels.
Nothing is real unless it is observed.
Salvation Is More About This Life than an Afterlife.
Nature always resists the artist at the beginning.
Oil they would buy from anyone. From Satan.
Our power lies in remaining nonreactive.
You become what you think about most of the time.
I should probably start with the blood.
Nature compensates for its mistakes.
Charlie, we accept the love we think we deserve.
Mozart is thinking of Chairman Mao.
Magic is overrated. Courage is what matters.
Getting found almost always means being lost for a while.
Stay where I can taste you. Take the pleasure I give you.
To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.
You are the one. For her, you are the one.
It...is for me? Aye. So what say you, lover mine.
So much is happening and yet nothing at all.
I came home at dusk with my ears ringing from the quiet.
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly ...
And so long as I can laugh never will I be poor.
It never occurred to her to give up.
No animal is a better judge of comfort than a cat.
Cream rises. Excellence does have its rewards.
I found my happy place the minute I saw you.
When you have nothing, everything feels like something.
But I knew Nick. He was too ugly to die.
Anything can happen child, anything can be.
... and time is the stuff of which a self is made.
The city is a device for measuring time.
It is only when you suffer that you really understand.
The approval of a cat cannot but flatter the recipient.
The medium obscured the message.
Nothing really mattered, and nothing could be lost.
I’d kiss you but I don’t want our beards to tangle.
Life is a struggle for relevancy.
Sometimes you do your very best and you lose anyway.
You like the girl, Alasdair offered.
Happiness is wanting what you have.
Somehow you drift along on the river, and one day.
Death, it turns out, is the mother of all conflicts.
There is a limit to how much a seer wishes to see.
Love is sharing a life together.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
No monkey ever reheated a frozen burrito.
Imagination is the gatekeeper of the human soul.
He who blushes is already guilty.
If London was an alien city, Edinburgh was another planet.
Everything you do in life use percentage as your god.
Forever was never as long as you thought it was.
Life was unendurable, and yet everywhere it was endured.
She thought she knew much, but she knew nothing.
No more twist!
My son, Here may indeed be torment, but not death.
Pray heaven that the inside of my mind may not be exposed.
How we schedule our days is how we spend our lives.
We skip the moments like stones.
It was a Sunday, an arsonist sunrise.
If I’m ever going to be okay, I’ll have to earn it.
He left Himmel Street wearing his hangover and a suit.
In a civilized country you can never tell.
God is in his Heaven and the first night was a wow.
Is almost a good enough reason for fear ?
What has happened to me? Why am I so alone in the world?
He who does not weep does not see.
A mother who loses her child can no longer believe in God.
My greatness does not extend to this shelf.
Money is the honey of humanity.
The universe is computing its own destiny.
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us.
Silence is the communing of a conscious soul with itself.
Good coaching is good teaching and nothing else.
I am an iceberg drifting toward the edge of the map.
I closed my eyes and let my enemy win.
Small steps to the madhouse still get us there at last.
A rush of panic comforted him with its familiarity.
Nothing dreamed is ever lost, and nothing lost forever.
Every new beginning prompts a return.
The only selfish life is a timid one.
I wrote my way out.
One cannot always marry the person one loves...
I love my love with a b because she is peculiar.
The germ of creation lies in violence.
If you want your Storys to end happy, try being niser.
This is it.
I needn’t be offended every time I have to look at you.
We were royally miserable together.
Dream are different than real life but important too.
Tomorrow here is just like yesterday, warmed over.
Once you gave a thing a name you gave it a life.
Their families cordially detested one another.
In the State of Denmark there was the odor of decay...
The death of an illusion tends to disconcert.
We come to honor a friend.
If she could keep breathing, she wouldn’t fall apart.
Infinite are the arguments of mages.
Fate and character are different names for the same idea.
In a war, the first casualty is human dignity.
Long life wore away everything that was not essential.
The words sounded like a mournful incantation.
Birds ate my face.
I irritate; therefore I am.
You had a near life experience.
The same as real life, there is no happily ever after.
One must not be shy where language is concerned.
For desert, maybe we can split a couple of crumbs.
That thing has a name?
That, said Harry, is a really good question.
Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lose his Wheezy!
The forest hides many secrets.
Urgh — essence of Millicent Bulstrode.
Whatever comes cannot alter one thing.
It blistered the eyes , beauty like hers .
Out beyond ideas.
I did not mind the cold so much when he was there.
He had decided to trust me.
A life form which can’t adapt doesn’t last very long.
My head is full of monsters and I’m one of them.
And the sea moved her back down the shore.
I take this continent with me into the grave.
A purse is but a rag unless you have something in it.
Please call me Eddie if it will help you to relax.
The more disorganized your brain is, the smarter you are.
You have to water the flowers you want to grow.
Heartbreak is funny to everyone but the heartbroken.
The past is no farther away than your pillow.
Polish comes from the cities; wisdom from the desert.
Ambitions tend to Remain undisturbed by Realities.
…wisely mingled poetry and prose.
Old loves are dropped when new ones come.
He was trying to fit this Herakles onto the one he knew.
The enemy is Resistance.
Four rehabs meant a fifth was somewhere down the road.
A public outcry usually masks a private obsession.
All we got is the family unbroke.
First you get the feeling, then you figure out why.
Thank God for you, Caro.
I went because I was interested in the alchemy of issues.
Inside us, a flower taken whole, a field built inside.
I’m fast becoming the one who leaves things behind.
I have lost confidence in myself.
Go into hard things quickly, eagerly, then retreat.
Time spent on preparation is seldom wasted.
A work of art is worth what someone will pay for it.
First you get the feeling, then you figure out why.
Is Life itself a dream, I wonder?
I’ll always love you, no matter what happens, okay?
I have to protect you, he says softly.
All objects exist in a moment of time.
Every abyss is navigable by little paper boats.
The primroses were over.
...before there can be change there must be discontent.
Walter died human. None of us can ask for more than that.
Every life is precious.
I came to witness. I stay to fight.
As if you could outrun me...
Humans were always surprising me.
Jacob was a gift from the gods.
Stasis in darkness. Then the substanceless blue.
The narrower their lives, the wider their hips.
A lifetime of hurt in one act of vengeance.
Music is the language of memory.
...teaching is, after all, a form of show business.
Punctuality is the politness of kings p.154.
Life is very tenacious in these lawyers.
I learned there were lots of realities in the world.
You can’t keep counting forever.
Eyes mark the shape of the city.
The world of the grotesque is the darkness within us.
Only the dead stay 17 forever.
Love is poetry, poetry is love.
Write naked. That means to write what you would never say.
I believed him. I was not stupid. I was his wife.
She saw through the shell of me into the center of me.
It can be challenge enough to have to eat with myself.
He let them be heroes.
The world rests in the night.
We were revisionists; what we revised was ourselves.
I hunger to commit the act of touch.
We have learned to see the world in gasps.
We have been shark to one another, but also lifeboat.
Time had been reset by catastrophe.
I was a battleground of fear and curiosity.
Forever wasn’t real.
Because respect doesn’t always mean doing what is right.
Sigh. Books. I missed them.
Security is not having things; it’s handling things.
Eventually all things are known. And few matter.
Jack, you have debauched my sloth.
Food to eat and games to play. Tell me why, tell me why.
The minute we look, we cease being afraid.
The more we die, the stronger we will become.
As the saying goes not every conspiracy is a theory.
Cancer... the process of creation gone wild, I thought.
What is false about hope?
Aging is not just decay, you know, its growth.
I lived, Dor said, but I was not alive.
Ant swarming City City full of dreams.
Good God, what did he not remember?
Pretty please. With sugar.
...as nervous as a bird in a coal mine.
Then were the seeds of madness planted.
A manner of speaking becomes a manner of thinking.
And a Fool is supposed to be wise?
Cats talk to whomever they please.
You prefer her faults to other people’s perfection.
Wings are a constraint that makes it possible to fly.
Nature felt no change, and was ever young.
Not , but ! ―.
A small profit it better than a big loss.
Alice of Wonderland was stranded on Earth.
During the day, the library is a realm of order.
What alchemy there was in human beings.
I have learned to save myself useless emotion.
A mistake is only a mistake if you make it twice.
I repeat, ‘I am strong, able and calm.
The best minute I spend is the one I invest in people.
Life is not a romance novel.
It is a documented fact. I read it in People magazine.
It is chivalry that makes a true knight, not a sword.
Some people hurt others just because they can.
I need to sleep, but fear to dream.
Hard things only grow harder if you put them off.
All my memories are poisoned.
Can they love without a word for it?
Wolves never cry.
Books are not life, however much we may wish they were.
Why should anything happen when everything has happened?
Affected most, they understand the least...
Time turns our lies into truths.
There must be more to stories than you think.
Nothing is more conservative than a bacterium.
I want her back I said I want HIM back~Charlie.
Torture can be a two edged sword.
Every step, even a tentative one, counts.
...no on of intelligence resents the inevitable.
Problems seldom go away if they’re ignored.
Each of us is indeed alone.
As well as Assail and his two cousins, Fang I and II.
Conservatism is the cousin of cowardice.
Don’t be afraid, be terrified.
I do not admire greatness that has no substance.
I obscenity in the milk of my shame.
I wish I did not think about it so much, he thought.
They arrested us after breakfast.
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
An honest politician is one that stays bought.
Sometimes a catastrophe is simply a course correction.
April is the cruelest month.
...may I never lose that terror that keeps me brave.
Life’s a daring adventure or nothing at all.
I began with the desire to speak with the dead.
The endless chatter of this journey had wearied me.
We are possessed by nobody, not even by ourselves.
But time is short, and science is infinite...
Thought failed him, and he returned to realities.
Breath belongs to Mehay. Ecl has no use for it.
Complaints about reality are immature.
There are no amateurs in the world of children.
What you do for money you do badly.
God does not forgive the sins He makes us commit.
Dead is the stoppest stop of all.
Not dating is a choice, not a failure.
Human lives are too short to waste in trivialities.
And rain will fall on our eaves.
Your supposed to drink wine, my friend, not breathe it.
Sometimes miracles occur only when you jump in.
Behavior shapes emotions.
Press on, regardless.
The more we trust, the farther we are able to venture.
The truth is, time travel is hard, and people are lazy.
Shame to die with one bullet left, though.
For these disguises did not disguise, but reveal.
Tradition is only democracy extended through time.
Except heaven is a hope , and eden is a memory .
The village is coming back, like it or not.
She was the most confusing person he had ever met.
Sleep is a little slice of death.
God, you mean I lost my virginity to the apocalypse?!
It’s the edges of the maps that fascinate ...
Clocks in disagreement are worse than no clock at all.
The body is the outermost layer of the mind.
Coffee’s the elixir of life.
Lies like that are not a sin, they are a sacrifice.
Memory’s oldest trick is convincing us of its accuracy.
Melba thought with a touch of pity.
Be true, unbeliever.
Futility is the defining characteristic of life.
One hand has surely worked throughout the universe.
Diplomacy is about dealing with those you rather avoid.
Believe that a further shore is reachable from here.
Enthusiasm is a form of social courage.
Beautiful things spoil nothing.
I did it because you are the epitome of ordinariness.
The pain of WATCHING them! What about their pain?
Time will tell, I suppose, or at least, these pages will.
His hair is like feathers.
People who travel are always fugitives.
Prodigious was the amount of life I lived that morning.
He was always in a hurry to get where he was not.
When in doubt, my dear fellow, do nothing.
Anna had the faculty of blushing.
Knowledge is a weight added to conscience.
The soul that loves and suffers is in the sublime state.
Death is the ultimate negative.
The impudence of Ignorance.
If a kiss could be seen it would look like a violet.
I could hardly get to sleep for dreaming of revenge.
Like all great art, it defies the tyrant Time.
I love a broad margin to my life.
Do they still hurt? she whispered in anguished surprise.
Some of us are born to a solitary life.
Oh. Listen, this is really hard for me ...
He who profits by villainy, has perpetrated it.
...I dabble in causes and effects.
What happened, and what might have happened?
Knowledge is currency here....
She was fragile, gentle, wide awake in a sleeping world.
Life is a dream, a little more coherent than most.
With your actions, you train others how to treat you.
Some blows fall too heavy upon those too fragile.
Tis not too late to seek a newer world.
Beauty is terror.
I think experienced makes me sound like an aging hooker.
Life could be horrible in the wrong trouser of time.
Our skills, you will find, could be our jailers.
Bee there Orr Bee A Rectangular Thyng.
A screaming vampire is always the centre of attention.
Memory is the enemy of wonder.
You and I have always relished damning the odds.
We both knew fine was a lie.
Sam probably folded his undergarments.
Belief in the lie is the life of the lie.
The Owl thinks slowly, but the Owl thinks long.
The sun shines. Readers read.
Lover? se asks, her voice reminding me of someone human.
Anyone truly committed to life never stops walking.
Everything you do in life will leave a mark.
I will at least have gained one very.
When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
To injure your opponent is to injure yourself.
In his mind he fingered the necklace of the days to come.
Now is the autumn of our ennui.
Faith is hard to achieve, easy to lose.
There is nothing more orderly than a cemetery.
Be still my heart.
Freak the ferocious out.
.. a simile is not a lie, unless it is a bad simile.
But he’s there! Potter’s ! Someone grab him!
I knelt a mortal; I rose an immortal.
Laziness in doing stupid things can be a great virtue.
Everything was green, so green it went into him.
For Grenouille, this simplicity seemed a deliverance.
She felt that she was being measured and found wanting.
I love...being with you.
One acts, and thus finds out what one has decided to do.
The library is always an adventure!
A train has a poor memory; it soon puts all behind it.
If they give you lined paper, write the other way.
Grief is a hone to a hard mind.
Here and now...breathe and relax...in battle and in life.
There are no ordinary moments!
Adolescents tend to seek love where they can find it.
Being right does not always bring satisfaction.
Be prepared to appreciate what you meet.
What is the son but an extension of the father?
Nothingness carries being in its heart.
Is that my boy?’ As sure as this is my girl!
He was not immoral, but merely unmoral.
Class supremacy can rest only on class degradation.
Love is very brave.
God is on the side of the winner.
To determine to go and to say it was to be halfway there.
My life was over; my life had just begun.
To an artist a metaphor is as real as a dollar.
Curiosity and timidity fought a long battle in his heart.
We, her children, are heroic, dersperate.
Only a fool blames the messenger.
The world was becoming a zoo, without cages.
Time to die. Angel said in her sweet little girl voice.
Fear is not the answer, not ever.
Burning with curiosity.
We know the quality of another’s heart through her voice.
London is on the whole the most possible form of life.
You’re such a great liar when you lie to yourself.
Only the rocks live forever, Gray Wolf said.
I was no longer scared. I could see what was inside me.
I got here the same way the coin did.
Have you ever bullied a wave?
Their words were only accidents in the mutual silence.
We have yet to learn again the forgotten art of gayety.
In the destructive element immerse.
Everything worth doing involves risk.
I shall soon be quite dead at last in spite of all.
We should turn resolutely towards Nature.
Of course, die for the monster spawn. It was so Bella.
Let your love flow out on all living things.
The sea was as dark as dreams and as deep as sleep.
Can nothingness be so prodigal?
Though fallen low God raised her up An angel.
Shallow believers prefer a shallow God.
At the first gesture of morning, flies began stirring.
Home is not a place, but rather, the people who love you.
That, she says, was never here before.
There is a French version of the story, and a true one.
Are you asking because you really want an answer?
I spend more time being confused than not, I answered.
If people aren’t equal, where would you fit in?
People have to pay a price for the gifts they are given.
Survival is the foundation of triumph.
You have to do something bad to do something good.
They arrested us after breakfast.
The key to wisdom is doubt!
I’ll go wherever you want, baby.
I’m done making this family happy.
Anything for you.
Very easily, i could lose myself in her...forever.
Where one door shuts, another opens.
God is a cluster of neurons.
She who pays the undertaker calls the tune.
He has been trying to sing.
Marriage is a series of promises.
Love, Eve thought, came in all colors, shapes, and sizes.
It is culture that is the bully.
How could I be everything to you when you broke my heart?
To forget a friend is sad.
The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen.
That was longer than a heartbeat.
Heroes must see to their own fame. No one else will.
Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it.
If the act is evil, the actor is evil.
Where ideas are real and reality is shadow.
I am only what I remember.
Safety is the last refuge of the scoundrel!
In the calculus of good deeds you have the most to gain.
Perdonare Forgive Yourself).
Happiness is realized only in the face of unhappiness.
Nuts don’t come in bunches. Only grapes do.
My happiness comes from the kindness of those around me.
I have only one truth to stand on Love. Her.
He was as honest as any criminal can hope to be.
Sometimes, when I get bored, I stop and think.
And what did you give him in return?...My heart.
I have no objection whatever to your representing me as a.
A journey is time suspended.
We shape our God, and then our God shapes us.
I, Hercule Poirot, am not amused.
Do you have any idea how much an elephant drinks?
Age is a terrible thief.
We’re the villains you root for in the story.
Fragments are the only forms I trust.
When reality looks too ugly, fantasize.
Case fell into the prison of his own flesh.
Valor is a poor substitute for numbers.
A hound will die for you, but never lie to you.
Words are wind. If you love me, do not leave me.
Jon lied ... loudly, as if that could make it true.
The night is dark and full of terrors, and so are dreams.
The devil never gave a gift for free.
This time he was going to fall apart silently.
Rome wasn’t deconstructed in a day.
The sun shone, having no alternative, on the nothing new.
What does it mean to be good?
Oh, we were a degree or two hotter than improper.
A bird in the hand loses its mystery in no time flat.
I prefer to remain anomalous.
Imagine a ruin so strange it must never have happened.
Five minutes of a lifetime.
But it seems, in tragedy, that innocence is not enough.
A king can only work with his best tools.
God is most glorified when you are most satisfied in Him.
Time is only linear for engineers and referees.
We were raised to believe in books, music, and nature.
Love is the light that casts no shadow.
Even the powerful needed protection sometimes.
God is God. His name doesn’t matter.
The hourglass runs low...
Then you should have never been born.
First you borrow, then you beg.
I was just pulling your leg and it came off in my hand.
The meaning of my star is war.
Because love, love never finishes.
Function reforms form, perpetually.
To be sane, we must recognise our beliefs as fictions.
Stability itself is nothing but a more languid motion.
Do you have a husband concealed about you?
You will be a widow before the morning.
Time gives poetry to a battlefield...
A confused labyrinth of smoky stars.
Events did not rhyme quite as he had thought.
Stupors, however, do not last forever.
To the ones that arise from urgent material needs.
This is a witchocracy, not a democracy. Clear?
I got it this time, Daddy Warbucks, I said.
Even a superhero needs a place to be normal.
Holes are interesting. there are books about holes.
The grasp of objects that bind us to some betokening.
A scholar has to know a little of everything.
Mr. Fogg played, not to win, but for the sake of playing.
Beauty is the name of something that doesn’t exist.
Ask a burning question, get a burning answer.
Is it so hard for you to give up what you never had?
Love is an exercise in selective perception.
There was no plot... and I discovered it by mistake.
It is always ourselves we find in the seas.
A pretty girl, who naked is is worth a million statues.
Creativity requires a willingness to look stupid.
There was a law against Luke.
I like home. It’s warm and there are books.
It might have been a new way for her heart to beat.
Always be comic in a tragedy.
There was something of the beautiful failure about her.
Do I believe the total perversion that I am witnessing?
It will all end very badly, Gus.
Keep challenging the gods.
Escape is never further than the nearest book.
Who was blowing on the nape of my neck.
Life is becoming no more than staring at the screen.
Joys impregnate. Sorrows bring forth.
Fish and company start to smell after three days.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
In every decision there must be some regrets.
The more one has, the less one desires.
The antidote to fear is faith.
For there she was.
I love tremendous and sonorous words.
Lord, lord, the snobbery of the English!
You need life in your life.
Words are so heavy.
Can a wolfe be beautiful?
With people you see in them what you already know.
Thus the slopes of Everest are littered with corpses.
That holy shape becomes a devil best.
Be careful what you wish for,her mind thundered.
Full lips are better for kissing.
To live in the needs of the day, find forgetfulness.
The further one goes, the better the land seems.
To have lied is to have suffered.
Through children the soul is healed…
Perception of a state is not the state.
Do I dare disturb the universe? Yes I do, I do. I think.
The most powerful words in English are, Tell me a story.
Humanity is best described as inhumanity.
He is the same, but everything is different.
Love messes you up and makes you do strange things.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Why was it that jam always coated me so?
The world was floods above and fire below.
The storm dropped a house on her head.
What a gift to have a son.
Mystery and terror are the bulwarks of tyranny.
A named thing is a tamed thing.
How many of us want any of us to see us as we really are?
The Bible may be an arresting and.
The stuff I own will no longer own me.
We all have our funny little ways. Except me, obviously.
...the world kept turning and the Turtle moved.
Things were simpler then. And also very, very stupid.
People in chains had a tendency to look guilty.
The point is not to avoid the war, it is to win it.
Happier than a terrier in a barrel full of rats.
There was no himself in himself.
Apply logic in places where it wasn’t intended to exist.
When chopping onions, just chop onions.
Everyone in this world acknowledges as truth only.
I do not accept this.
There’s a grave I need to visit.
The demon hissed.
There must be darkness to see the stars.
Owning is owing, having is hoarding.
Fire and fear, good servants, bad lords.
Owl love you forever.
I am tired of days that are all the same.
I have nothing and I am everything.
Love is an act of faith, not an exchange.
She is a treasure greater than anything else I have won.
When you are in love , things make even more sense.
I can imagine anything except having no imagination.
God is the creature, not the creator.
Pain is the curl and foam of a wave that does not break.
A moment is all you can expect from perfection.
You spend your entire life becoming God and then you die.
Give me romance. Flash. Give me denial.
A salacious lie will always trump a noble truth.
Careful there, Poet. I might start to believe you.
Precision of language, Jonah.
And so fleas look up at the sky and wonder .
Honestly, of the two of us, I was the lucky one.
You are staring at me like you were going to eat me up.
Hello, Harry. Hello, Draco. Have you been bad boys again?
Time is an illusion that makes us all pant.
Barrabas came to us by the sea.
A thousand little civilities create tenderness in time.
Sara...looked long and hard at his face.
The worst thing never quite comes.
Even your graffiti artists spray Rumi on the walls.
All these scars. The road map of my life. My armor.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Woe to him whose good name is more to him than goodness.
Where lies the final harbor, whence we unmoor no more?
We must do without hope.
Wraiths! Wraiths on wings!
Need brooks no delay, yet late is better than never.
When you step away from it all, you lose perspective.
Shining a light creates shadows.
Reality is a cloud of possibility, not a point.
His warm voice tiptoes into the quiet room.
The way you see your life shapes your life.
Knowing your purpose focuses your life.
Little rabbits have big ears.
When the going gets tough, the tough eat ribs.
Her shame and fierceness were blended.
I don’t want to be defined by this.
Ten watercolors were made from that star.
Everyone has a moment where life goes off the rails.
Nothing to it but to do it.
Always have a backup plan to the backup plan.
I often don’t say things out loud, even when I should.
Nothing silences us more effectively than shame.
The ugly may be beautiful, the pretty never.
But a word once spoken who can recapture it?
But what is the black spot, captain?
Fuzzy black lines hiccuped across the screen.
Nobody said he was Alvin Einstein.
If I had but the time and you had but the brain.
CONVERSATION is the vehicle for change.
The danger is in what we codify, commodify, and exploit.
Keep making the movements of life.
I’ll watch with you.
Like a note of music, you are about to become nothing.
Indifference is the strongest contempt.
The only good writer was a dead writer.
Beans are a warm cloak against economic cold.
He looks much more like a lobster than most lobsters do.
Angela nearly got inhaled by a shark while aquaplaning.
I think she always nursed a small mad hope.
In order to enjoy life, we should not enjoy it too much.
Wait until you see him up on a horse.
Another happy day.
Ah earth you old extinguisher.
Humility is as good for the soul as it is for the memory.
I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him.
No one could be still like Edward.
I bit a pillow. Or two.
Already she feels jaded. Weary, and gladly tired and old.
Sometimes I wished I could become a shoemaker too.
I think I shall trusten till I die.
Pain was greedy; it demanded all of her attention.
Does it ever stop, Claire? The wanting?
I love you...But I made you cry.
Sometimes the hardest thing to hear is the truth.
How far can a person go... and still live with himself.
Because the more you changed, the less of you there was.
Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions.
The next best thing never last for too long.
Choose less and feel better.
I took to the...Library as to a lover...
Impossibility is a log thrown on the fires of love.
An old cat is a good friend to talk to.
I need to learn not just to forget but to forgive.
The most frightening thing in the world is our own self.
Nights without work I spent with whisky and books.
As time passes, memory, inevitably, reconstitutes itself.
If you come to me you will be leaping into the abyss.
His eyeballs look like he bought them in a joke shop.
As long as I am thinking, I am alive.
It hurts me when you do not want to hurt me.
I obscenity in the milk of my shame.
Past is past, and the future is ahead.
As long as I live I shall remember that silent minute.
The bell that measures time is ringing.
Her only shame was that she felt none.
What makes a good book?
But giving drugs to a cat is no joke, Kemp!
The emotions were complex, but the answer was simple.
We would be hunted by the humans and the Luxen.
Jealous is an ugly thing.
What are you going to do, Layla?
Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
There is no shame in making an honest effort.
We are all sleeping avatars of God, with amnesia.
You were one person, and you changed the world.
The hands of a clock will find their way home.
Patience is the key to solutions.
The only thing left to do is love.
Sheep can befriend a hungry wolf only for briefly.
He was right here and nowhere to be found.
The small boys came early to the hanging.
Once more my pity had been stronger than my will.
Parallel the care the dancer takes on her finest.
Sometimes life begins when the marriage ends.
How strange to be loved simply for who I was.
I accepted their ridicule by sulking manfully.
Paranoia was my standard operating procedure.
Books have long been instruments of the divinatory arts.
Is death the greatest evil that can happen to anyone?
I love autumn. It’s so much richer than spring.
He only had the imperfect medium of words.
The sky the sky- same as it always was.
Fear dims even the sunlight.
Am I really not worth shaving for?
Friend or foe, the crows care not.
If? The word is when.
Gentler than the Lanisters is dryer than the sea.
Mine is the blood of the dragon.
The gods mock the prayers of kings and cowherds alike.
When the end comes, I will meet it raging.
For Phyllis who made me put dragons in.
In life, every ending is just the start of another story.
Time turns our lies into truth.
Nothing is more conspicuous than a farting princess.
Swimming always cleans your soul.
An affection that was calculated was never trustworthy.
She would die of him or be cured.
To think is not always to see.
Are you lishening, my pretty vermin, are you lishening?
To lose one’s name is the beginning of forgetting.
What I learned on my own I still remember.
Regardless, I decided to never take LSD again.
We were just there together. And that was enough.
Even his conversation was, as it were, a spoken part.
She was temptation wrapped in casual elegance.
They’ll respect deeds, Ethan, not words.
I’ve been kissed Slade. I’m a virgin, not a nun.
No one of intelligence resents the inevitable.
I always win in the end.
For a long time I used to go to bed early.
I was not unhappy, except one day at a time.
There are elements of truth in all great fiction.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Zach had brought her a dog.
Everything will be fine. Nothing but good times ahead.
Bigotry does not consort easily with free trade.
Of course she is a fool, but so are all girls.
What is your biggest problem, and how can I solve it?
The more bare a life is, the more we fear change.
Everybody has mean little places inside himself.
Fundamental belief consoled him for superficial irony.
Love has its own dark morality when rivalry enters in.
...experience is as to intensity, and not as to duration.
The past is in the wastebasket.
For the party of order, disorder has always had its uses.
You’re big enough to bite now, mosquito, so shut up.
She’s not much of a team player, more of a team yeller.
At sunrise, everything is luminous but not clear.
The subtlest lie of all is the full truth.
The image is a dream. The beauty is real.
Are dreams perhaps the soul’s memories of the body.
There was but a single forlorn hope, and I took it.
Hope is merely another face of desire.
Angels are just pretty insects.
Life is an irritation.
Fate does not favor the dim.
Dogs could mellow a wild boy, or open up a shy one.
November the seventh The last Faint cricket.
And all the insects ceased in honor of the moon.
What a horror it would have been if the world was real.
And the Hippos were boiled in their tanks!
Secrets... nothing eats away at love faster.
Family. The greatest loyalty after God in the world.
Credibility is a basic survival tool.
Three fingers hold the pen, but the whole body works.
When to me you leap and I’m born we.
Is this place home? No, Duane .. You are.
Nerds rule the world.
Oh, gah! Right in the feels!
Boys are stupid. I needed to explore becoming a lesbian.
Want to change history? Luke made a stab at humor.
I don’t care if he is Curran. In your ward, you are god.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
But it didn’t seem to Lyra that she would ever grow up.
Adversity doesn’t build character; it reveals it.
When You Complain, Nobody Wants to Help You.
I decided then and there I was never going to have kids.
Nothing is irreversible except dying.
Unruly geeks change the world.
An optimist is a braver cynic.
Mothers got a hard road to travel, believe me.
Nature can blow me.
I kissed him once, she whispered.
Fire’s the sun, unwindin’ itself out o’ the wood.
London is a language. I guess all places are.
Yet what is any ocean but a multitude of drops?
Dust is gold in the light of dawn.
The world unmakes stuff faster than people can make it.
Whoever dies with the most stuff wins.
Writing. Opening a vein in your wrist with a spoon.
Stories are light.
A line only gets grace when it curves, you know.
He kind of wished he had a hat.
Optimism expressed as conservation of delta V.
When you fall, be there to catch you, I will.
The only exercise I get is jumping to conclusions.
Only those who row the boat make waves.
The infant is ten and he stays.
Hey George, check this out.
There is kindness in so many unexpected places.
Angie was where most of me began and all of me ended.
Originality must compound with inheritance.
Your tears are my prayers.
I’m choosing happiness over suffering.
I have no beliefs, said her mother. Only hopes.
Art is the only beauty that never dies.
So bitter is it, death is little more;.
The wish to hear such baseness is degrading.
... his biggest problem was his need for a problem.
Use it up, wear it out, make it do, or do without.
But when they laugh, you can see the world in their eyes.
There are pieces of me on the ground.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
The happening that happened was that I met this girl ...
She had the experience to suffer with discretion.
Whoever loved that loved not at first sight?
I would always rather be happy than dignified..
What the world calls failure, I call learning.
Standing still is always more tiring than walking.
Forget This was much closer to.
Vengeance is mine, I will repay.
Now, one cannot read nonsense with impunity.
Being part of a secret is a great source of strength.
...when one is alone it is impossible to be dead.
Confession is an act of violence against the unoffending.
Life is, and death is not at all.
My friend, the truth is always implausible.
Is it not I myself who am to blame, instead of them?
The dead will only be dead if you stop remembering them.
There is the door,use it....
I needed a new mystery.
She was born with the winter already in her bones.
Hope not built on reason brings disappointment only.
This is what fun is like, said Rain, almost to herself.
How could anyone live without flying?
When the going gets tough, choose your cliché.
I kissed her and forgot death.
Their throats were bare for God.
What I want does exist if I dare to find it.
Nothing was changing. She was the one who was changing.
Bad things happen because things happen.
He might be faithless but I believe in him.
Efficiency and focus are the keys to success.
Your future refuses to behave.
Success excuses all risks.
I don the robe of hermit without a cry.
Want to sleep over? Absolutely.
A foot on the neck is nine points of the law.
Only Granny Weatherwax really knew Granny Weatherwax.
... drink levels all mankind. It is the ultimate democrat.
Mystery made thing gigantic. Knowledge made small.
She was a ghost. A wraith.
If you learn to endure pain, you can survive anything.
...hope, even when the world tells you to despair.
Andras was looking for a cure.
Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting.
I was in too much haste, and now have no time left.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
Whatever else happened, she wanted a dog in her life.
Something is turning into nothing very quickly.
People always clap for the wrong things.
Like the children we will never ever cease to be.
Our great goal in life is to love. The rest is silence.
Every movement needs to pause at times.
Only when l know, the truth will set me free!
My Heart Is Afraid that it will have to suffer .
An intense life needs a touch of madness.
Childhood is a branch of cartography.
Human art, Mahnmut knew, simply transcended human beings.
The whole planet reeks of mysticism without revelation.
Why could we say more to each other when it counted less?
All I want is not to die on a day when I went unseen.
It took my whole life to buy this stuff.
Nothing is static. Even the Mona Lisa is falling apart.
...And there it went, the burden of her lifetime, taken.
Sometimes a little crazy is all you need.
Rarely does one see a squirrel tremble.
The food of the minority is the hunger of the majority.
Religious disintegration began with colonization.
Her father was dying, and he wanted her forgiveness.
Without music he felt aimless and adrift.
Sometimes starting over is exactly what a person needs.
My alarm clock during my childhood was a pride of lions.
My lips are chapped from the winds of change.
Radio is the playground of coincidence.
Human beings have their great chance in the novel.
Her affection for everything she could love increased.
Canadian winters are long. Life is hard and so is ice.
...teaching was the most rigorous form of learning.
A leader must look and act the part.
The imagination is always the best torturer.
I cried until I was all cried out.
Go now, and die in what way seems best to you.
I have more need of thought than of sleep.
Give with a free hand, but give of your own.
We’ll meet the meat.
The rest of you... keep banging the rocks together.
Folly is as often justified of her children as wisdom.
I could leave the world with today in my eyes.
Revenge is for children and the emotionally retarded.
Knowing was a barrier which prevented learning.
Some lies are easier to believe than the truth.
What the eyes had seen could not be erased.
I had spent my time counterfeiting eternity.
Everything you know gained from experience.
Wakens the ferine strain.
A body is a body, but only voices are capable of love.
He had a respect for facts maybe this was one.
Resistance is the most toxic force on the planet.
All quotations were either from the Bible or Shakespeare.
If he wants me to stay away, he should leave me alone.
This forest silence improves anyone.
A new idea must not be judged by its immediate results.
The gods looked down from their mountain and shrugged.
Tell me what matters, BZ said. Nothing, Maria said.
Simplicity is the most difficult of all concepts.
I loved to love what she loved.
Bee stings are very educational.
Artists are inspired by blank canvases.
Courage and fear were one thing too.
He wanted to say something beautiful, I think.
Hardships can harden even the best person.
In that cold autistic dark.
The frailty of everything, revealed at last.
Ever is a long time.
That the boy was all that stood between him and death.
The gin kept my heart alive but bemazed my brain.
It is the role of objects to restore silence.
There is nothing perfect...there is only life.
It takes so much energy to keep things at bay.
The time to assert one’s right is when it’s denied!
Every little thing wants to be loved.
I’d noticed that his eyes were black – coal black.
Say it...out loud.
Drenching his shirt with saltwater.
Only vulgar people boast about how happy they are.
Poets find truth by writing about what they love.
If I were a horse, I’d let him ride me anywhere.
There were some chains you wore because you wanted to.
Is it really worth dying for the person you love?
Every single ordinary person has an extraordinary story.
There is nothing like a train journey for reflection.
Being uneducated is no guarantee against being obnoxious.
Death is the only serious preoccupation in life.
Asking questions were the most important thing.
Guilt is never to be doubted.
What a pair of lungs!
To try to live.
All that mattered was him looking at me.
There is no other way open to us ; we.
The newest pups always blame the elders of the pack.
Well, if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
To each his own way of calming down.
...time to tell the prince he rescued the wrong girl.
Each of us carries a unique world within our hearts.
All human creativity issues from the urgency of longing.
How they love the old boxcar!
A road is a process, not a location.
If you can’t stop the waves, go sailing.
Spend this in remembrance of me.
Oil paints...the look of licked lips.
Why on earth declutter when you can just shrinkwrap?
She slipped so easily into the folds of his life.
Marriage is a freaking minefield.
Those who contemplate never escape the doubt.
The truth changes all the time.
One should never assume anything.
Charlie is one of the big good guys in my universe.
Friendship is the greatest gift one can give to another.
Ahab and aguish lay stretched together in one hammock.
... she read with undifferentiated glee ...
By January it had always been winter.
April. Month of dust and lies.
Only the poor are handicapped by honor.
You were never alone.
Being unheard is the ground floor of giving up.
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped.
The important thing was that we were alive...
The greatest of all riches is education.
Does Raggedy Ann have a cotton crotch?
The water of the river is the calmest, where the deepest.
Marry me, he says. Become the Queen of Elfhame.
Two million bucks would buy you a lot of ramen.
She was also mad. Loopy as a crochet convention.
And even though the drunkenness of love Has ruined me.
Secrecy was the problem; transparency the obvious cure.
Jesus H. Christ on ice and Mary in the penalty box!
May the stars watch over you.
Birth means nothing where there is no virtue.
Dragons. A sky full of dragons.
There is always power in holding a secret.
We are whole.
Why does the forbidden always add that edge of sweetness?
But in my heart, when I said my king, I meant Verity.
Saved, rescued, but not quite so good as new...
Lies are never forgotten, they go on and they grow.
She haunted him, as an ungenerous action haunts one.
Who knows what we all are before anything happens?
To see ourselves as others see us!
Rest assured, said Hercule Poirot. I am the best!
It is not the past that matters,but the future.
You can only be strong for so long.
Pain is a teacher and failure is the highway to success.
I was more than my limitations; I was learning.
There will be plenty of time to sleep once you are dead.
I wish I still had that photo.
Even as your body betrays you, your mind denies it.
Forever as it turns out, is a very long time.
A picture is worth a thousand texts.
Ask nature questions, and you will get answers.
Being randy is the next best thing to being drunk.
Never do what they expect.
The wolf pup loved her, even if no one else did.
Searching is not finding.
Choosing … it has always hurt. And always will.
Black and white and grey, all the shades of truth.
Invoke not reason. In the end it is too small a deity.
Always being there was the essential secret for a wife.
It is beyond value, which means it is worthless.
The past was finished; let the dead bury their dead.
She was an expert at the art of sudden appearance.
Rain falls on the just and the unjust alike.
But luck is just throwing dice.
Not a creature was stirring, not even an elf.
The love you needed was the kind best avoided.
Sheep are in.
Be sophisticated you need to accept that you are not so.
I wonder what my speech would be.
Out of death, life; an immutable truth.
It is only in solitude that I ever find my own core.
First blood has been shed.
The gift given for no reason is the purest gift of all.
For her, he was ... the one.
Hollywood Expressed his inner Godzilla again V to Z.
Time to the face the music.
How can something so ... huge happen so fast?
The mind with many secrets can never rest.
Suddenly I felt the weight of shattered dreams.
Heresy is the foe of countenance.
I am all that I grok.
To die trying is the proudest humans thing.
To the everlasting glory of the Infantry—.
A perfect, enduring friendship between a couple of freaks.
You must not forget the suspenders, Best Beloved.
I that was near your heart was removed therefrom.
Sometimes we act in order not to see.
My daddy always said, ‘Luck never gives, it lends.
I lack the World, for I move like a Ghost through it.
Tell me,is my grey hall an insuperable bar to matrimony?
Time, like the sea, unties all knots.
Let us not waste love, it is rare enough.
Life is all arrivals and departures.
Who knows you better than your own brother?
Perhaps we are all fictions, father, in the mind of God.
They had the comfort of not learning from experience.
The bell still rings for all who truly believe.
For better or for worse, but not for lunch,...
Love is a powerful painkiller.
What was it with me and organized beatings, anyway?
Pleasure was a siren, luring her to experience more.
A minimum put to good use is enough for anything.
At Kiel, as elsewhere, a day goes by somehow or other.
I love you, Emmy, scars and all.
Compromise is an imperfect act.
Love has a very dulling effect on the brain.
His masculinity was only too apparent.
Robin Hood’s Lament?’ Every archer knew that tune.
Are memories pictures or the secret doorway?
We Ask the Gods for Answers and They Give Us Questions.
This was madness; this was delirium.
Joe sang the loudest of all. He said, you belong to me.
I would have done anything. Don’t you know that?
Because now I am grown so old and neutral....
The waves are Chinese, but the earth is an Indian thing.
What is a rainbow, Lord? A hoop for the lowly.
Love didn’t deserve the nice reputation it had.
Courage was not a given; it was acquired, earned.
Power. Intoxicating. Like a fine wine.
Sometimes the price of dreams is achieving them. Arista.
The promenade is a special subset of walking.
Thinking is hard work; that’s why so few do it.
Who called it? I called it! That’s right, uh huh!
It just happened.
Does FBI mean Federal Bureau of Idiots?
Journalism, look you, is the religion of modern society.
I want you, you want love, and he wants to break my neck.
And those who love us most lie to us most of all.
I so didn’t need another outbreak of Rogan fever.
You came for me.
Thrift is poetic because it is creative.
I was afraid of the creatures who masqueraded as people.
Prayer does nothing to alleviate suffering.
At certain rare moments, a library is a kind of mind.
There is nothing worse than war in the summetime.
I told myself.
Art is whatever you can get away with.
And throughout all Eternity I forgive you, you forgive me.
If a thing loves, it is infinite.
I was here, I saw this and it mattered to me.
We charm by coincidence rather than design.
An urgent wish is no guarantor of a sound solution.
Art was the very antithesis of crass moralism.
Behind every vocation there is a fetish.
Logic is overrated and superfluous when it comes to love.
My blessings outweigh my regrets.
The things we love we have to learn to leave alone.
Thinking, when you first try it, is very difficult.
Get a Job, she shouted silently to God. Get a real Job.
The day was a long bolt of gray cloth; endless.
Wolves and those who see them are shot on sight.
Gabriel smiled slowly. I will always need you, Julianne.
But I want to be your last.
You are the soul of comedy, Mrs. Emerson.
I cannot well repeat how there I entered.
I should make one healthy choice, and then stop choosing.
Emma repeated to herself, Good Heavens! Why did I marry?
I loved you already then.
Say something enough times and you never forget it.
Society is unconcerned with the aftermath of sensation.
Life without any wonder left in it is flat and stale.
Truth could never be wholly contained in words.
There was no going back and she was going forward.
In this room,in this minite,she was his everything.
Love was the best present of all...
It is nothing to die; it is horrible not to live.
One becomes gradually accustomed to poison.
Spontaneity is the mother of crudity.
We ransomed our dignity to the clouds.
Abstract love of humanity is nearly always love of self.
What terrible tragedies realism inflicts on people.
Stupidity is honest and straightforward.
I feel pity for him, and that is a poor sign of love.
She was as intense in her hatreds as in her loves.
Much later, when I discussed the problem with.
Fear is a memory of better times. Fear is a dream.
Pluck my heart From my flesh And eat it.....
What tinfoil? he asked.
He was the closest thing she had to a pony.
What you can do is often a matter of what you will do.
It is not all books that are as dull as their readers.
Hurt is a great teacher, maybe the greatest of all.
It would have hurt no matter who took you the first time.
Sometimes to return is a vulgarity.
Marriage is based on a more enduring kind of love.
Each desire in the world is different, as is each love.
Eating was hard. Breathing was hard. Living was hardest.
He is fragile, like a prince of ice, of glass.
Love is always a choice.
It is always a mistake to argue with a librarian.
The world is surely wide enough to walk without fear.
From that time on, the world was hers for the reading.
True faith always produces real conformity to Christ.
The happier you are, the less you need.
Stupid, fragile mortals.
Indian actors know how to shout with the eyes.
I felt argument coiling in my belly.
Everything is mental.
Time is nothing.
Each of us wore our memories of what might have been.
Lawns are a form of television.
Rattle the stars.
I am Celaena Sardothien and I will not be afraid.
Then I would have torn apart the world to get you back.
She moved like a midnight storm.
Have you peed somewhere and wish to tell me about it?
Those who build walls are their own prisoners.
Not all roads that lead down lead up as well.
The habit of silence is lead on the tongue.
Fish and visitors stink after three days.
With a thousand eyes, the river looked at him.
When Blair bites her lower lip she’s eighteen again.
I know. I’m very hard to talk to. I realize that.
Death was sweet; it smelled of wine and stroked her hair.
Do what your heart commands, and God will be happy.
All things are one.
Everything on Earth is being continuously transformed.
Do what you gotta do and stay fly.
Sol had not known he was lonely until he met Sarai.
Champagne and Benzedrine! Never again.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Anonymity is the new fame.
Call me the voice of ex­pe­ri­ence.
The answer is there is no answer.
Writing an honest blog is how you unlive your life.
I have met the devil, and her name is Cecily Temple.
Here and now she cannot exist without me.
Aside from coffee, reading was her only indulgence.
Everyone’s entitled to a bad day.
...companionship refused is worse than loneliness.
Money has no religion except itself.
The wand chooses the wizard.
Do it today or later you’ll pay!
Of hunger and thirst, thirst is the greater imperative.
We were, literally and figuratively, in the same boat.
The only good thing about marriage is becoming a widow.
...live life to appreciate life.
The beginning is half of every action.
Summer quiet thoughts on summer quiet noons.
Seek not revenge, but the Buddha.
Only the Gods are real.
Ride the silver fish; you will not drown.
Holy Zarquon, did I ask for an existentialist elevator?
It is character that communicates most eloquently.
I have a confession. Oh?
Leave us do the thinking sweetheart. It takes equipment.
Celebrity, for me, equal hatred.
…for action is always easier than quiet waiting.
Woe of unnumbered generations.
Her stories make you believe in the power of love.
To live past the end of your myth is a perilous thing.
Geryon was a monster everything about him was red.
A Home without Equity Is Just a Rental with Debt.
When you have no future, you live in the past.
Love is the answer. Not fear.
Time with a friend was as refreshing as a nap.
I write because I want to have more than one life.
Her face lay still on the air under his face...
Yeah? Well, life happens while you’re making other plans.
Look what happens when we dream.
When we lose that sense of the possible we lose it fast.
If you want to change the world, change yourself.
He recollected his courage.
About as emotional as a bagpipe.
Look inside yourself and you can see the universe.
Unhand my tail! squealed the Will.
Sometimes it’s an advantage to be disadvantaged.
So, that went well, said Fang.
Memory is all I have now.
Regret is a waste of time.
A quick puke, two rails of blow and she was solid.
Stand up at sunrise and meet what they send you.
Agitation gives birth to creation.
She leaves my side and heads deeper into.
A comfortable prison was still a prison.
Good advice Is Rarer Than Rubies.
Naught but love makes magic real.
INTERVIEWER Have you ever been envious of another writer?
I dont know what happens to country.
There is no book and your fathers are dead in the ground.
A grey wrinkled vastness, like the residue of a dream.
We all lived for money, and that is what we died for.
We wear the chains we forge in life.
There is a weird power in a spoken word.
The mind writes with a pen, the heart, with a pencil.
You have to be an artist and a madman...
Philosophy is the invention of the rich.
My solemn exasperation was to her the silence of love.
Cheers the spirit, humor does, even at the darkest times.
So all things limp together for the only possible.
Interceded? You threw me to the sharks!
I am infected with life and will die of it in time.
None of the rest of my life figures here.
We are beasts and this is our consolation.
Happiness is laughing together...
We shed skins in life, to keep living.
She looked terrible, but very wise.
The cat unsheathes its claws the world turns.
...hot shouts of neon...
Being right was largely a matter of explanations.
Come see, I was thinking. Be the last thing you behold.
Pain is inevitable, suffering is not.
The two girls emanated an incorrigible idle inertia.
Where there is support, there is no grief.
When they laugh, it sounds like confetti.
A little imagination goes a long way in Fes.
What, no wine?
Was he an animal if music could captivate him so?
I trust that you have a good purpose for your ignorance.
One can build a perfect home, but not live in it.
The moment before he started was my favorite moment.
You never want to see kids repeat your own mistakes.
I’ve finally found what I’ve been searching for…a family.
I held on to his warm hand simply because i wanted to.
Once upon a time, my world revolved around you.
The only sure camouflage was unpredictability.
All observations of life are harsh, because life is.
A relationship is a game of chess.
I repent nothing.
I could not solve the puzzle of me.
Alive is better than dead. Always.
Did you love her, Luc?
If there is anything, there is us.
When it concerns you, it’s never a waste of my time.
When all else fails, go for the ego.
You get all the pleasures of the puppeteer.
I am a disbeliever in the unbelievable.
Because human nature never changes.
For a loser, Vegas is the meanest town on earth.
It was entirely silent and I tried to breathe its peace.
The physical shock took away the pain of being.
Never judge a journey by the distance...
I have never yielded to reality.
He thought. ―.
How awful a knowledge of the truth can be.
Do not cry for losing blood. Not for something you love.
A teacher’s shadow can hover for life.
Not aging is not the same as living.
Even thinking was hard.
Years ago, when I was about to go on a book tour for.
The Baron told her that only art meant anything.
He presented it with a length of string.
When it rains out, it also rains in.
Decorative gestures add romance to a life.
If this makes me sexier then where are you going?
Who called the idiot brigade?
Some jokes are less agreeable than others.
You are different. That does not make you less.
In my defense, I was young and there was an open bar.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is depth.
Ask the friend for love.
Fear can be a big motivator.
Dog love is blind. For that matter, dog love is stupid.
It alters you irrevocably when you reach 30 years old and.
This was love, to be eager for tomorrow.
They will always be doomed to supermarkets like this.
What does who call me when?
Her nakedness was not vulnerability, but armour.
There is perfect love in Heaven!
Matrimony is a serious thing.
Grody is in the eye of the beholder.
Earnestness is stupidity sent to college.
Seth wished he had kept the zombie hand.
Can I help it if my heart beats, if my hands go cold?
The crow flew closer, as if to hear its praises.
He had never known her value, he thought, till now.
He is the personification of sensible silence.
Superstitions are just coincidence or ignorance.
But every home is its own island with its own secrets.
Be guided by your heart.
Act with integrity.
You are also what you say to yourself all day long.
Persistence is the mother of personal change.
The best antidote for fear is knowledge.
Laughing is medicine for the soul.
Certain things. It comes when you think certain.
We traveled for two weeks with a pickled hippo.
But as they say, love is blind.
Hope springs eternal, even in the heart of a fat girl.
Wealth is the relentless enemy of understanding.
Tell Khan Drogo that he has given me the wind.
The seeds of war are oft planted during times of peace.
The Sphinx is the riddle, not the riddler.
Honey poured over thunder.
You’re awful. I’m honest. It’s the world that’s awful.
Even a hedge knight has his honor.
The snow fell steadily, cloaking all the world in white.
He is fair of face and foul of heart.
There are worse ways to die than warm and drunk.
Heed the wisdom of those who love you best.
A coin is as dangerous as a sword in the wrong hands.
How can I do my duty if I do not know where it lies?
The sword was not the kingdom, he says.
Dunk the lunk, thick as a castle wall.
You are in difficulty, she observed.
Sin was a powerful temptation, indeed.
Is there anything more plausible than a second hand?
The wind is calling in a voice I remember.
Without my face, nobody knows. Nobody knows who I am.
All love that which they destroy.
Religion will never show the way.
It was sublime—and the sublime is not to be trusted.
Can’t you see that? Everybody’s sentimental, everybody.
Needs could not bully her.
Kings don’t move mountains as a favor to a friend.
A small happiness can make a big sadness less sad.
She had eyes in the back of her heart.
The shift from fear to love is a miracle.
Grandiosity is always a cover for despair.
May I be, this day, an instrument of love and healing.
...we sang in church ! Which means.
The talkers are rising above the thinkers.
Did you know that half of all people are below average?
That is what we are. Death.
Food, the southern offering on the altar of crisis.
Those for whom war is lucrative are rarely satiated.
This is good, and all good things cast shadows.
Love makes us do wicked things.
Teling a little would ultimately mean telling a lot.
Some people are only funny when they try to be serious.
Wind extinguishes a candle and energizes fire.
The poor fellow had never been cut out to be a villain.
Nobody can be too careful about their habits of speech.
The way I dance is by writing.
You cannot have a negative mouth and a positive life.
The mind is the battlefield.
I want to be tangled up in all her strings.
Curiosity could be almost as powerful as desire.
You know what guys do? They stand up for people.
Have a heartattack!
God likes to have his free lunch and be it too.
Words belong to the person who wrote them.
Great griefs are mute.
Wrath pulled the trigger on the brotherhood...
I see you, he thought. And you are beautiful to me.
You’re one in a million, John Matthew.
Future indifferences is no consolation for present pain.
How little we know of what there is to know.
Viva my husband who was Mayor of this town.
To understand is to forgive.
All our words from loose using have lost their edge.
Nobody likes to life anchors.
The setting of the sun is a difficult time for all fish.
He felt as though he were hailing a ship.
The moon had been lighted and was hung in a treetop.
Every sin is the result of a collaboration.
Those who beg in silence starve in silence.
Without science, there would be no such hope.
I would rather be an authority on myself than on Cicero.
Wipe your hand across your mouth, and laugh;.
Places do not change so much as what we seek in them.
We saw the same sunset.
A mountain walked or stumbled.
I am the scourge of God.
But where is my son? Where is the beautiful Miss Merriot?
Ethically challenged magical practitioners, I said.
Human nature is not black and white but black and grey.
He had been frightened and so he had been vehement.
Begin each day with God. It will change your priorities.
I’ll go through my Christmas card list, Trent said.
Slicker than snot on a door handle.
... friends are such a mixed blessing.
It takes strength to participate in life.
It was all about eyes, the truth.
I am the scourge of God.
The best cure for sadness is doing something.
A clock only turns one direction.
Every secret is a wrinkle.
Nothing evokes the prurient like puritanism.
Fate was cruel, but it was fate.
This is the saddest story I have ever heard.
It seems we only sleep well in our own bed.
... I went off with him for no reason.
We understood each other on other levels of madness.
There is nowhere to go but everywhere.
Reading made me a traveler; travel sent me back to books.
But art should require no instrument but memory.
Love is always a prison.
Love makes cowards of us all.
Love scared him. It was soft. And vulnerable.
Why were love and death such close neighbors?
One enemy at the time.
What we dream of is already present in the world.
Were revolutions ever really that we thought them to be?
All families are silly in their own way.
Sometimes,doing nothing is the best reaction.
Was everything redneck actually mystical?
Start with one true thing.
Shall we call coincidence what God calls providence?
Daydreaming incubates creative discovery.
My parents are very good at bribery.
For avarice begins where poverty ends.
Flirt with me now, you sonovabitch! See if I’m impressed.
Taste the undead rainbow.
Superstitions add texture to life.
Shaman ninjas. Perfect. Now my life was complete.
It’s my job to run after her.
War is the sea I swim in and the air I breathe.
The fishing is best where the fewest go.
One can fight evil but against stupidity one is helpless.
The universe is math on fire.
...but loving had left her skinless.
Life is sheer bliss when it wants to be.
An abyss cannot be crossed in two steps.
Adverbs are cholesterol in the veins of prose.
Pity is a form of abuse.
This morn I awoke to the laments of fallen angels.
When the mind prays, it moves rocks.
She is why purgatory was invented.
And this is a time to act, not wonder.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
She is the only rose that doesn’t smell of plastic.
Science asymptotically approaches reality.
He’s using you as his external, aftermarket conscience.
Plan? My plan is to die in a ball of superheated plasma.
There was justice to be had. He just couldn’t afford it.
Every empire grow until its reach exceeds its grasp.
Hurting someone is an act of reluctant intimacy.
All warfare that is not defensive is criminal.
Treachery can’t be forgiven.
Everyone is responsible for everything he does.
She was, through no real faults of her own, perfect.
He was playing chess and she was sucking at checkers.
You correct an error by bringing truth to it.
The world is a book. Some words stand out from the page.
One can never know oneself but only narrate oneself.
He seemed to live in a state of uninterrupted marvel.
Evil is usually attractive, because evil is defiant.
Love requires a different kind of courage, Andromache.
I will always be conscious of your absence.
Wisdom is earned, not given.
Ah me! how hard a thing it is to say.
...the journey continued like had happened.
In a way, it was destiny.
His eyes were cold and brown — like coffee stains…
Charlie alone knew he was a ghost.
Love must wait; it must break one’s bones.
Life made its pattern around and beneath and through her.
He was young and ardent in a hundred happy ways.
Yankees in Georgia! How did they ever get in?
He fumed like a bottled storm.
She is in a world of private dreams , not here with us !
If he hadn’t married Iris, he’d want her for a friend.
Prevention is better than cure.
As long as there is life, there is still happiness.
On the one side blind force, on the other a soul.
It is painful to break the sad links to the past.
To love and be loved, that is the miracle of youth.
Progress is not accomplished in one stage.
See Monsieur Geborand, buying a pennyworth of paradise.
The reflection of a fact is in itself a fact.
Scepticism, that dry caries of the intelligence.
Mulch was not impressed. I’m not impressed.
What can be more precious than life? Nothing!
Children were experiments, and his had failed.
A deep smothering emptiness.
Life is worth living as long as there’s a laugh in it.
A cold in the head in June is an immoral thing...
We live in a nation of pigs and murderers.
Science was constructed against a lot of nonsense.
You were mine before you were his.
What he had to tell them was a story.
What is one ever doing anywhere?
Courage is the antidote to danger.
I was born in the age of alas.
...in the beginning God created light... to read by.
The mind is a fathomless mystery.
It was the most eloquent silence I ever heard.
A broken heart can masquerade as a cold one.
Love brightens and purifies the heart.
People can hold out just so long and then they fold.
If love is what injures us, how can we heal?
And yes,I was fabulous.
History is a hammock for swinging and a game for playing.
There are no coincidences in the universe.
Moff Tarkin sends his regards.
If you want to reach something badly enough, you will.
The virgin was seducing the seductress!
Silences can wound as surely as the twisting lash.
A pool game mixes ritual with geometry.
A surfeiting of terror soon made terror a cliché.
I thought I could save a very worthwhile person.
Locks are for the unimaginative.
The wolf who sings alone is not happy.
The sands drift always, yet the desert remains the same.
One cannot raise walls against what has been forgotten.
Why does anything cling to something?
That’s enough, I said.
My bowels turned watery.
Of seeing her for who she was—not what she was.
When all ways are lost the way is clear.
I like it when somebody gets excited about something.
What was broken will never be the same again.
The world has never been as divided as it is now.
Everything is permitted, if everything is accepted.
I prefer not to.
My intellect was my greatest vanity.
We’re all here. Alive and unwell.
The hardest blessing you give up is silence.
Where would Jesus be if no one ever wrote the gospels?
This is better than real life.
...actual happiness only happens by accident.
Between propriety and joy choose joy.
Sacrifice was nine tenths of parenting.
There are so many different ways to be poor.
And apples were always, always red.
Pretty much everything about you gets me hot.
You don’t have to be there to be there.
Grief is always the price we pay for love.
Marriages, both good and bad, were defined by repetition.
The Swiss are well armed and very free.
If one doesn’t worry, how does one understand?
Love and Truth, their warfare seems eternal.
It is unrealistic to want to be happy all the time.
Reality does not go away when it is ignored.
Stories belong to everybody.
This is the final book about Brian.
What is real?
The refusal to love is the only unbearable thing.
The command to be free is a double bind.
ENEMIES OFTEN become mirror images of each other.
Reacting is automatic, but thinking is not.
Happiness is important. Fun is everything.
Her cheeks glowed with pink charcoals.
The world is always ending for someone.
...he realized how much he wanted to take her pain away.
There was something empty at the bottom of all her words.
I have no signs on my door—it was painted a week ago—.
I wish none of this had happened.
This was the first of the sorrows of Turin.
Think of nothing things, think of wind.
I prefer to underwrite. Simple, clear as a country creek.
The terrain enforced its own rhythms.
…he felt he could willingly give his life for them.
…young minds cannot be driven…
Beauty is the only master to serve.
The dominant primordial beast was strong in Buck.
The last thing we want is to remain as we are.
Good. Then we will fight in the shade.
The future is unwritten. What will be will be.
Have fun, think small, don’t fear the obvious.
Music can change the mood in a drumbeat.
Blood ties are not supposed to be chains.
... nothing in life is ever as simple as we imagine.
Sadness was a very heavy thing.
We are nothing mankind is all.
Don’t tell me your evaluation. Give me the facts.
Whose steps were a restless substitute for flight.
She could shut out the whole world, including herself.
Imagination is the life force of the genius code.
Information was control.
Once she was born, I was never not afraid.
We have to find our way back to one another or fear wins.
Don’t shrink. Don’t puff up. Stand on your sacred ground.
Your petal from the salty rose.
Some errors you can only see once you’ve committed them.
I have a secret. And everyone knows it but me.
Your past comes with you no matter where you go.
Subject to intelligence, nothing is incalculable.
Oh no, it’s tomorrow again.
Beneath the handsome exterior beats a heart of darkness.
Do adults realize how lucky they are?
A fallow mind is a field of discontent.
I like the race, rather than the winning.
They were deeply in love, which beats earplugs.
Life again refused to remain lifesized.
Morning seems to come earlier every year I live.
A day, a livelong day, is not one thing but many.
Parents took honor from a daughter who was a teacher.
There is a sorrow here that weeping cannot symbolize.
The fool supply was controlled...
To have courage. To have honor. Is very beautiful.
The life we receive is not always what we choose.
To keep false hopes is to prolong misery.
It tastes like water spiked with strange.
We still & always want waking.
If he is not the word of God, then God never spoke.
For fear will rob him of all if he gives too much.
He makes a gesture, designed to impersonate frankness.
The fascination of the abomination.
To the destruction of what is.
Easy, you know, does it, son.
I love you, I’m waiting for you unbearably.
After all, there is no harm in smiling.
Clarity is often found in stillness.
Constipation is a sign of good health in pomeranians.
Indeed, love is everything.
Until we look from the bottom up we have nothing.
At the age of eleven, I owned a slave I couldn’t free.O.
Don’t grumble, I said. Or I’ll bake you more cookies.
Good writing is always new.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
If the soulmate is absent there is no need for the soul.
Disorder and frequent sorrow the mulch for creativity.
By his stripes you are healed.
Subservience of any kind is death to the spirit.
Each position has its corresponding duties.
Her heart was talking now...
What does the body matter if the soul is dead?
Anything I’ve ever tried to keep by force I’ve lost.
I was the accuser, God the accused.
Press Releases are spam.
Good things happen to those who hustle. —ANAÏS NIN.
I will never lie again.
When it rains, her father said it pours.
Exploration is a dirty game.
Sometimes salvation is found in agony.
Razzy was insulting me silently somehow.
Kindness is stronger than iron bars.
If we do not reach our hands will always be empty.
You had to laugh, if you wanted to survive.
Birds of fortuity flutter down on her shoulders...
The onlookers go rigid when the train goes past.
The end of suffering does not justify the suffering.
Blessings are just curses that other people envy.
There is noting wrong with not understanding yourself.
Writing this letter is like putting a note in a bottle—.
Money holds terrible power when it is loved.
Was every Heathcliff a Linton in disguise?
Real painters grunt like Marlon Brando.
Some people write letters, in the library.
Whoever cares the most will lose.
Her face might be kindly if she would smile.
Santa exists in the hearts of all true believers.
I was happy where I was floating.
Did you just hit the childproof locks on me?
I was not happy. I was knee deep in freak out mode.
But the sky is interesting, it changes all the time.
Ah! how cheerfully we consign ourselves to perdition.
The line between madness and masochism was already hazy;.
The thunder of false modesty was deafening.
The willing are led by fate, the reluctant are dragged.
Time is not something you give back.
Stay with me. Forever.
Lost love is still love. It takes a different form.
Does a chicken have lips?
He wrote it all down Zealously.
Feathers needed, swan preferred.
The act of love greatly resembles torture or surgery.
People eat and sleep in the shadow of what we do.
Nothing keeps its promise.
Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted.
They see themselves in you and are blinded.
It is my belief that books are living things.
Girls love cat calendars.
What is this thing you speak of, ‘sleep’?
My imagination needs therapy.
Woof, said Billy the Werewolf.
We’re all the hero of our own story.
The Sidhe are prancy, but fierce.
Everyone thinks magic is something different.
A lot can go wrong in twelve hours.
Happiness would prevail where trees were planted.
Why shouldn’t quiet be strong?
Can you feel the blood falling?
Kindness is something that should always be passed on.
Probability is the very guide of life.
He was not living his life; life was living him.
A father is as much a verb as a mother.
I read to live. I read for life.
The word of a cat is not to be relied upon.
Sometimes luck belongs to children and madmen.
Routine is liberating, it makes you feel in control.
Anger is just fear, brought to the boil.
Pain has a way of making us more honest.
Paradise was not far away when I died.
She’d never known fear had a taste, but it did.
Modesty and decency dwell in the mind, not in a burka.
War is never a meritocracy for the casualties.
To breathe properly is to live properly.
Small things bring joy, somedays.
Life is the greatest show on earth.
I give myself to you and accept you as my own.
It was the truth, and like any truth, it was powerful.
Perhaps we should see what comes next.
My life was writ in red, in blood and wine.
It is no easy thing to slay a dragon, but it can be done.
Kings are supposed to put the realm before their sisters.
A crisp roast chicken would set the world aright.
Nothing tarnishes a hero as much as failure.
Gold has its uses, but war is won with iron.
Dogs and wolves and lions, may the Others take them all.
When a dog goes bad, the fault lies with his master.
Every boy dreams of serving in the Kingsguard.
It was the end of the world. And we are going beyond it.
Paint stripes on a toad, he does not become a tiger.
We have won a battle, not a war.
Every flight begins with a fall, the crow said.
There’s always a bear.
A small victory, he thought, but sweet.
Appreciation is a big component of a succesful marriage.
Better to ask for forgiveness than permission.
The world is a place of marvels.
Let some word reach my ears and touch my heart.
Let tomorrow cross its own rivers.
MERCY. It was a word she’d rarely encountered.
Only through pain can you be sure of the truth.
His resolve was blown as quickly as the rest of him.
People regard art too highly, and history not enough.
Nobody but a reader becomes a writer.
Move on. Walk forward into the light.
The unbearable persistence of hope.
I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
I have been loved and given love.
There are times to think and times to lie fallow.
A place isn’t really yours until you clean it.
You can’t help the poor by becoming one of them.
Imaginary friends often leave without warning.
Patience is the greatest of virtues in a woodsman.
We except the love we think we deserve.
I am looking at her and she is so beautiful.
Her whisper smelled like cranberry juice and vodka.
Love always, Charlie.
Things get worse before they get better.
She hated everything her parents loved.
She went to him because there was no other choice.
Let yourself be enchanted in small ways.
Remember that nobodies are the new somebodies.
But we also need stories. Great stories.
Diamonds are forever. Magic not so much.
Help is the sunny side of control.
It can be too sad here. We so often lose our way.
He is a writer. He makes the rest of them nervous.
Anyone can popularize science if he oversimplifies.
Experience is a keen teacher;.
Work is the best remedy for any shock.
A gust of wind went Nike across the flat landscape.
The scene is very meets .
Fake love is a very powerful thing.
I tend to equate sadness with intelligence.
Even at its darkest moment, life was a precious gift.
They are not sorrows, so much as terrible things.
If he lived by a lie he should try to die by it.
That’s a subject as safe as being in favor of Christmas.
Obscurity is usually the refuge of incompetence.
Sweet are the silent places of the earth.
Apparently, the world was perfect in 1958.
I was raised to be charming, not sincere.
Contempt mates well with pity.
I have died too many deaths that were not mine.
It was cliche, he knew, but he meant it classic.
What a leg. What an air. A most engaging smile.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Philosophy says truth, literature shows truth.
An experience is richest not talked of.
I was there the day that Horus fell.
In mockery are the seeds of impiety sown.
Novels are written—as life is lived—One Day At A Time.
You are the light that shines in my darkness.
My lover. Oh come to me again as once in May.
Deny accidents and wrest fault from the stars.
Because joy and life exist nowhere but the present.
Alucard never dies. He only fades away...
The ones who destroy monsters have always been humans.
Frustration comes from fighting your own momentum.
The atom was split by persistence.
Scientists are peeping toms at the keyhole of eternity.
Loss is not felt in the absence of love.
Some of us will plant the seed and never see the plant.
That’s all kids want to know—that you love them.
What can I say? Death is messy. And she had it coming.
The past is a script we are constantly rewriting.
Everything above may be wrong!
Language lacks the power to describe Faith.
Music is no longer tasted it is swallowed.
To the sheepfold!
And could she love where she feared?
It is always now.
Is your hair as soft as all those curls look? No.
To live is to not think.
While you are waiting to die, you have to live.
Sometimes help comes from unexpected places.
He’s not dumb, Biff, he just has a talent for belief.
A question asked in earnest deserves an earnest answer.
Do not bonk the Juliette.
Take it, he growled. Let me give you this at least.
Be as precise as possible about your need for aid.
Just who are the cheese monkeys? And what do they want?
Wherever you are, that’s where my home is.
You can’t own what belongs to the world.
There is beauty in the written word.
They never asked, I kept offering.
The innumerable worlds in the Milky Way, words.
Roaring dreams take place in a perfectly silent mind.
Ah the mad hearts of all of us.
There it was, that familiar fear, love’s terrible price.
How loud small noises sound in a silence.
Belive you me, this maze is a labrinth!
Walking is a pastime rather than an avocation.
Then the Miller fell off his horse.
Thunder sounded, very near, and the child woke.
I hated my job, but I liked that I could do it.
The library is testimony to truth and to error.
What is a saint supposed to do, if not convert wolves?
I may be broken, but all my pieces are yours.
If I could, I would punch today right in the face.
What we all dread most is a maze with no centre.
Self is the gorgon.
Fairy Tales give you more than just smile.
To him, even the momentary was momentous.
In short, all good things are wild and free.
The seeds of salvation are buried in every act of evil.
It was the fact that they tried so hard that doomed them.
The species greatest harvest ― words.
Inconvient things are always remembered.
A culture finds the gods it needs.
Think larger. Redraw what is possible.
Faust tends not to have happy endings.
The pursuit of insight takes you deep into the forest.
Foolproof depends on the size of the fool.
Autism is more like retina patterns than measles.
Talent makes the rules. Skill follows the rules.
But sleep was busy elsewhere.
Is it hubris to believe we all live epics?
Whoever falls, hatred will breed hatred.
I am dust and my story ends here.
She is the darkness.
Forgetting extermination is part of extermination.
...the haunted always take refuge in stillness.
We want what we want—we love who we love.
The world is what it is, and you are what you are.
The only way forward is to never look back.
I still want it to die. Like immediately. With fire.
She had the air of someone clinging to a wall of soap.
Twelve dead? I said. Jesus.
One breaks into the canon only by aesthetic strength.
It was a hot, moist armpit of a night...
Every family is a family of alligators.
There must be more to life than having everything.
Debt will always be the abattoir of creative dreams.
Is this lifetime supposed to be only about duty?
I honor the divinity that resides within me.
I am happy only in that I am a monster.
Perhaps...I could not be content with mere contentment!
Julianne, we will never be equals. You are my better.
Chivalry in academia is dead.
Patience was a virtue he possessed in abundance.
Metaphor is thus imaginative rationality.
The fear of conflict is almost always a sign of problems.
It feels nice to emerge from the lies.
The stars set fire to my eyes.
Customs have no reason; they simply are.
The ways of the Lord are filled with wonder and mystery.
Every living thing is precious somehow.
With what judgment ye judge ye shall be judged!
Everything tastes better with quite a lot of butter. We.
As far as bad ideas went, this stole the prize.
God knows of love.
Russia alone is to be the savior of Europe.
What you spoke of just now was a mistake, not love.
To breath the air of Paris preserves the soul.
Noise does not waken a drunkard; silence wakens him.
Peace is happiness digesting.
Protect the workers, encourage the rich.
There is a way of avoiding which resembles seeking.
Certain battles were won by retreating.
And with love one can live even without happiness.
Prayer is an education.
I cannot understand why the world is arranged as it is.
I shall govern by affection, Mr. Harrison.
Reading relaxes me.
It was a lot more fun to get famous than to be famous.
I could very calmly go wild.
Eat my heart Chew it hard Swallow my soul, too.
Every athlete learns by theft and mimicry.
To see some truths you must stand outside and look in.
An answer is always a form of death.
Which are you drinking? The water or the wave?
Just those three words, said and meant.I love you.
Needing and loving are two different things.
The only time you were safe was when you were dead.
But Krishna was a chameleon.
Shame, turned inside out, is rage.
He must desire the scent of the smoke of their sacrifice.
I wil not heat treason from my own daughter.
The dead were too ...present.
Love was supposed to be a kind of blissful insanity.
Don’t you know I love you?’ Carol said.
Friends always break even.
The coldest peace is better than the warmest war.
Sometimes survival is the worst alternative there is.
Our contradictions are never so to ourselves.
The past is a grenade that explodes when thrown.
You don’t know how to love without condition.
Deception begins with bureaucracy, Palpatine said.
It takes a lot of doing to die.
That dog is a Marine!
The one who fingered me like he was digging to China.
Good thing you blend. I do not blend.
Now sadly there is attitude and no style.
He is mine, too.
That was a story, too; they all had stories.
She was as cool as dammit.
He saw things he had no words for.
We fear which we cannot see.
For magic consists in this, the true naming of a thing.
None of this is spare time. I can’t spare it.
All of this had always existed, and he had not seen it;.
Art intensifies the presence of the world.
Combing her thoughts, yanking them into a pigtail.
Branwell told a cruel lie in silence.
Once a King, always a King. But once a Knight is enough!
Those who deserve to die, die the death they deserve.
Suffering is key to inspiration.
No sin, no crime, then extinction not earned.
Every family is a regular little cult.
Oh, I wish I could make my poor heart just burst.
This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time.
We, each of us, can take control of the world.
Everything you ever love will reject you or die.
‎A different toothbrush waits in every time zone.
Believe in me and you shall die, forever.
With a low bow, she is gone in a haze of roses and hope.
I wanted to love and to be loved.
Was this what it meant to grow up, this vast loneliness?
The Giver laughed, then Jonah, too, chuckled reluctantly.
I wish I could have a cupcake.
Thnks fr th mmrs- Gabe.
The God of Thunder has fallen into the milk pail!
Communism is an aggressive religion of the species.
Time leeches most horror and pain from our memories.
The body shuts down when it’s too sad, said my dad.
If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music.
The steady rhythm of her footfalls set her mind adrift.
Nothing is given without a disadvantage in it.
This story has a happy ending.
Of all fragrances, the sweetest is that of virtue.
In Rome one had simply to sit still and feel.
Science is better than sympathy, if only it is science.
How quietly we endure all that falls upon us.
Misery is optional.
Everything comes in useful once in a hundred years.
Paranoid is better than careless.
None of us know our real names.
If you don’t act on it, it wasn’t a true feeling.
Memory is a haunting.
We think now that love is a kind of giving of attention.
For the fire consumes all but the arsonist.
Thus with the wisest of you all; you are ever unfixed.
The form does not matter. Content is everything.
Your insanity is beautifully complete!
Don’t tell me what I’m doing, I don’t want to know.
Millie? Does the White Clown love you?
For your file...in case you decide to be angry with me.
Somewhere in the night, someone was writing.
But time heals. Or at least it forms scabs.
All tomorrows start here.
...and all the stars flowered in the sky.
Wizards are always troubled about the future.
Do not then stumble at the end of the road.
Less now to me is that darkness than my own darkness.
On his brow sat wisdom, and in his hand was strength.
Some things are ill to hear when the world’s in shadows.
Lost causes had a romantic charm for her.
Most of us can be counted on to manage our own undoings.
To accept a little death is worse than death itself.
Survival is staying alive one breath at a time. p. 251.
Life produces a different taste each time you take it.
The true sea is cold and black, full of animals...
Let the world know you are alive!
…having learned that people cannot be moulded like clay…
When he was made, the mould was broke, said Pete.
Shame internalized can lead to agony.
Est Sularus oth Mithas—My honor is life.
The amateur tweets. The pro works.
I choose to be the person that i want to be.
People still think what you look like is who you are.
No star fades faster than that of a high school athlete.
Make love! He disliked the phrase. Could one make love?
He had other fires and these flamed higher than Love.
A part of all I earn is mine to keep!
Even stone can be worn down with enough rain.
For me, writing was the only way out.
We asked so many questions that the Teachers forbade it.
The sky is a soggy purple.
But castles in the air were founded on such hopes.
Opportunities are whispers, not foghorns.
It infects you. It ruined me.
There is no intimacy without vulnerability.
Morality depends on culture. Culture depends on climate.
We are trained to believe and not to know.
Seeker, who says religion is the way to God?
Every journey begins with one step.
I was speechless. Which is, as you know, very rare.
What happened to your tan.
Always be strong no matter what!
Because now, the magic is everywhere.
Because today after all, is all we knew.
No one who meets Jesus ever stays the same.
The greatest blizzards start with the finest snow.
Part of being human is being on the verge of disgrace.
Critics are like pigs at the pastry cart.
Just because something isn’t good doesn’t mean it’s bad.
Thinking is the soul speaking to itself.
The trick is in what one emphasizes.
Maybe his wealth was entirely in unpaid bills.
Fate changes when you change your clothes.
All nice girls sketch a little.
Ability to Function Despite Imminent Catastrophe.
Write as if you were dying.
Whoever approaches his goal dances.
Who is it? said the boy. I dont know. Who is anybody?
Where all is known, no narrative is possible.
What you put in your head is there forever.
No matter how good you have it, it’s cool to want more.
I broke her spell by incarnating her in another.
I was always lonely and I am lonely still.
I am who I am. Whether in joy or in pain. I am who I am.
A risky plan, but what is life without risk, eh?
All is tedious, in this relation that is forced upon me.
He thought of hanging himself, to pass the time.
There is nothing perfect, there is only life.
The day life turned into nothing this world could fix.
Stories never end. We end.
Acting is the loneliest profession I know.
Love is good for the skin.
...and his bones were a cage of ice.
Some people think politeness is an invitation to invade.
Every stitch i sew will be a kiss.
And when they spy on us let them discover us loving.
Timid people always reek their peevishness on the gentle.
One gets a bad habit of being unhappy.
One must be poor to know the luxury of giving!
Fear was stronger than the calculation of probabilities.
Christmas miracles happen to those who believe.
Some days are just harder than others.
God will give you courage when you need it.
Vast is the power of cities to reclaim the wanderer.
Her color is a cross she will always carry.
You your best thing.
Respect the work that you’ve never done before.
Wisdom is knowing what you can accept.
I am happy today. I am a tyrant.
Will I really be able to accept my mental loneliness?
I mean to take my time about it, aye?
We will marry each other.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
But in 1922 it was still a new thing to be a machine.
The matter with us is you.
Her voice sounded like a string that was fraying.
Since when does anyone get the option to do the easiest?
A bus cuts the world in half...
A good deed was indeed a triumph for the soul.
In India everything has a use and a value.
Death and worse happened on the plains.
There are too many Dudleys already in this world.
Cause and effect are never divided between two people.
The reign of imagology begins where history ends.
Love is a constant interrogation.
Adventure, the first great theme of the novel.
Peaceful moon. I consist only of bones.
Everyone has his cross to bear.
She loved him, though not at this particular moment.
Being reliable is something. Being good.
The facts shouldn’t get in the way of a pleasant fantasy.
...film and calculus, both pornographies of flight.
They spoke like caricatures, it was unbearable.
I want adventure in the great wide somewhere.
The image of the world is half the world.
How little we know of what there is to know.
If he lived by a lie he should try to die by it.
Love is the opposite of good sense.
Echo…I will never leave you.
The human journey is a continuous act of transfiguration.
Only make yourself honey and the flies will suck you.
Fear is a powerful stimulant.
The threshold of a new house is a lonely place.
I think, therefore I spam.
No one ever told you greed and hunger are not the same.
A thing is valued, only if it is rare and hard to get.
What was about this that made us feel we deserved it?
How potent was that word. With.
Look into your heart- and go after what you really want.
Do I need this? Or is it really about ego?
Mr. Crepsley What are you doing?
There is no way out or round or through.
Do you need anything? Some chicken soup. Hugs? Kisses?
I let out a breath I didn’t know I’d been holding.
Patience was a virtue I found pointless.
Marcus took a deep breath Alex, what happened exactly?
No need to Hulk out on anyone.
Kitten got claws and then some.
You are out of the field of the novel.
Taking responsibility means not blaming yourself.
One can never wait too long.
Not everything can go according to the plan.
The piggies were not to be disturbed-.
You own nothing?
There was love to be felt, and discovered, still.
Verily there is nothing new under the sun.
...and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
Information was control.
Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
We are the orphans of our son.
The things that frighten us just want to be held.
She was so beautiful I had to move away.
She knew how to get by on next to nothing. pg. 21.
He had wanted to be a sophomore.
Real gold fears no fire.
Consciousness of unconsciousness.
Ubik ... Safe when taken as directed.
So you want to have gone to Mars. Very good.
Madness, like small fish, runs in hosts....
It was time for tea as it so often was.
We never realise how transparent we are.
We are only as noble as our actions prove us to be.
A funeral is no place for secrets.
Some things you endure for a reason.
What we give to fear, we take away from...faith.
Never been there, the Middle East, Qatar said vaguely.
I am not so afraid that I cannot see the truth.
Devoid of the poetry of madness.
Poor dead flower? when did you forget you were a flower?
No point writing when the spirit doth not lead.
You are the happy one. I am the doomed fool.
Everything was on television last night.
It’s my baby. I can’t just let her give it away—.
Run away. Me and Monty Python.
I did absolutely nothing. Carefully.
It is the prerogative of wizards to be grumpy.
We’re all imaginary friends to one another.
My cat walked on my face just after dawn.
The only thing certain in life is change.
I try to make thinking an ongoing process.
Death is only frightening from the near side.
I felt like a collection of complaints and malfunctions.
And it was all your fault, Harry.
Only bookworms get excited over other bookworms.
... I had realized my fears and acknowledged my mistakes.
Nothing connects to the moment like music.
Fate has a cruel sense of humor.
She began to like him because he liked her.
No one is ever safe. So why not live as much as you can?
All readers have reading in common.
In politics, appearance matters more than truth.
To sate your need without love is theft.
Ten times dead was very dead indeed.
To be a romantic is to believe anything can happen to us.
Don’t jump in the water if you can’t swim. —BOB MARLEY.
But even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Revenge and rational thought never sleep together.
Style requires digesting who we are.
The designer always has to leave room for the gods.
Early to bed, early to rise, Ziggy said. Early or late.
I am custodian of the knowledge hoarded here.
...poverty is the cause of many compromises.
And then the days came when I was alone.
Rain, forever raining. Drown me in sleep. And soon.
A watched pot never boils.
I am so made that I cannot believe.
Religion poisons everything.
I have learned that human beings are all about incentives.
Remember, we see the world not as it is but as we are.
Nothing to extremes, everything in moderation.
Basically, I reduced my needs.
You begin to sense the sacredness of your being.
Mantra is a phrase that is designed to free the mind.
You never get tired of looking at the stars.
Life is but a day and expresses mainly a single note.
Put it bluntly, Prince Ben, this blows, said Genie, who.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Sometimes an ember is all we need.
A jagged stone existed where her heart had been.
Son of a turtle.
In this world All who live but dream they act here.
Be quiet, darling. Let pattern recognition have its way.
Some things are true whether you believe them or not.
It is always winter now.
The wolves will come again, said Jojen solemnly.
Sometimes, the best thing you can do is nothing. Catelyn.
Two hearts that beat as one.
Why, that is why the gods made whores for imps like me.
A thief was a thief, whether he stole a little or a lot.
Faith is like porridge. Better with milk and honey.
Salt a slug and shame a hero.
Would you throw your life away for pride?
If sinners speak, why should the righteous listen?
I wish it was all a dream. Then I could wake up.
The gods are never that good.
In the darkness all the gods were strangers.
Words are not swords.
Will you not weep?
The night is dark and filled with terrors.
The Red Sword of Heroes looks a proper mess.
Worms have crawled up your nose and eaten your wits.
Even dreams cannot live up here.
Music to my ears. Though not a tune I’m fond of.
How can I lose something I have never owned?
Is that a crow I hear, calling the raven black?
Terrible times breed terrible things, my lord.
What we want is not always what we get.
And all his smiles belong to her and her alone.
Never argue Greek legends with a Greek...
Martha was a clever girl, and therefore not a believer.
Never compromise. Not even in the face of Armageddon.
Intelligence and wisdom aren’t the same.
An artist does not have to think about what he is doing.
Benevolence is often very peremptory.
He was at once to great and too small for love.
Beh oui. Better sticky than burned.
Do not offend one power to attain the favor of another.
I am more human than rational.
Behind every journey is a reason.
Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil.
Jesus came to set the captives free!
Vinegar of the interrogator with the oil of a flirt.
Every day is the prime of your life.
To surrender to God means to let go and just love.
Very few of us were taught that we’re essentially good.
A mother can be only as happy as her unhappiest child.
I was a skeleton with flesh and clothes and thoughts.
What a knot of history one mistake can become.
I put the kitch into kitchen.
Jesus Christ, shepherd of Judea.
It is impossible to succeed without failing.
It was obvious that their sorrows were conjoined.
Pregnant. dead. Jewish. These are impossibles.
You view the world from a model.
True warfare is rarer in Nature than cannibalism.
The best cure for grief is learning.
Sweet and geeky Jeff, lover of games, knew how to move.
Is Buffy the Vampire Slayer her personal savior?
Life is not a submarine.
Sometimes love does not look like what you had in mind.
Ah done lived Grandma’s way, now Ah means tuh live mine.
That was bad news. Terrible. The worst.
Wishful thinking is a powerful force.
Tolerance is not a virtue.
Discovery was no longer a happy ship.
Because she does not worry about me.
It doesn’t matter who she is, it matters who you are.
The heavy soul will not pass though the body is failing.
Rarity went hand in hand with reverence.
I like to think of myself more as an outcome engineer.
Tell her it’s…Hal. Hal E. Wood.
Nora Ephron accidentally ruined a lot of lives.
Nothing can be appreciated in a vacuum.
But centuries of time have not made me insensitive.
How dare he give her no opportunity to ignore him?
It is silly not to hope.
Bed is my friend.
I’d like to destroy you a few times in bed.
None of them knew the color of the sky.
His feet where retarded.
There is no safety this side of the grave.
Forgiveness and thanks go hand in hand.
It comes from exercising care in the choice of parents.
If I waste today I destroy the last page of my life.
The Cavelries hear and their short and furrie.
Truth is what people want to believe and nothing more.
I use Cheer. I like the idea of a happy wash.
Busy people are often the most lazy.
Doesn’t hurt to be optimistic. You can always cry later.
Death, as he had said, cancelled all engagements.
I follow the Law—the Most Excellent Law.
Chasing silly rose leaves.
Everything looks like a failure in the middle. Any.
The absence of doubt will turn humans into beasts.
The deepest subjectivity is not personal.
I’m what you might call a Pepsi addict.
In his house at R’lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
The past has a will of its own. It wants to be heard.
…sorrow was always the bedfellow of depravity.
Avoiding feelings isn’t the same as protecting feelings.
There is profundity to explore, but also laundry to do.
Despair itself can be hopeful if it is honest.
Line cooks are the heroes.
I learned to recognize failure.
To have a child is to give fate a hostage.
Realism...is a kind of disappointed tribute to the ideal.
The exercise of power is a dangerous delight.
Nothing in life was as ugly as death.
Paint me a heaven of love with your bloodied mouth.
Think of me as Robin Hood in a suit.
You’re the closest thing to an angel I’ll ever touch.
I never left you. I was the shadow on your wall.
Job, requiring intellectual ability and acuity.
I didn’t know what darkness was until I lost you.
We must pay a price if we are to become priceless.
Lost is the time which is not past in love.
It was not going she dreaded—only leaving.
Vista no wider than their own sunbonnets.
I’ll win you over eventually. I’m very charming that way.
The most beautiful faces have some ugly in them.
Forgiveness frees the forgiver.
The mad have a grace all their own.
Silly little vamp, afraid of her feelings.
Easy is tasteless and bland.
For all his sourness, he was ruled by his heart.
Ivy, however, just wanted to get in David’s pants.
Jenks, deep into his honey drunk, gyrated wildly.
She felt oddly safe with him, though not safe from him.
You can love completely without complete understanding.
The world is full of abandoned meanings.
It is only when you suffer that you truly understand.
Where others have failed, I will not fail.
Your phraseology is obscure, but I think I understand.
Consider the question suitably modified.
Why do i put up with you? You insult me at every turn.
Being eternally at a point where two paths fork!
You can handle anything anybody throws at you.
There is no such thing as a conservative hero.
Those who cheat for you will cheat against you.
For want of my father, I was lost.
But no matter, the road is life.
Bad news? Oh, festering fungus! What sort of bad news?
Yesterday. Was there a more merciless word?
There is more glory in peace than in war.
The moon is profound except when we land on it.
Disenchantment is the blessing of becoming yourself.
Improvement is impossible without change.
Quick words did not always mean a quick mind.
Not even generals can stop the rain.
I tried, it was hard, I quit, the end. Story of my life.
Life is a business transaction.
Saved by the Sith.
Okay, tough guy. Let’s see what you’ve got.
There were bags under my eyes and they weren’t Prada.
It rolled over you like old oil from a fryer.
Sit on him? What kind of battle strategy is that?
The bureaucrat fell from the sky.
All things from the north are devilish.
That is a question with too complicated an answer.
Materialists and madmen never have doubts.
Without the family, we are helpless before the State.
A head can be beaten small enough until it fits the hat.
Satan fell by the force of gravity.
Doing the Unrealistic Is Easier Than Doing the Realistic.
My goal is to learn things once and use them forever.
They were more free, but they were more alone.
My practice is nowhere, my opinion is here.
The night before I left my mother, I wrote a letter.
This was real life, not a book. And in.
People are linked together by enmity than by love.
When they pray, what do they say to God?
Someone was high or brilliant or both.
Here you are again. All messed up and no place to go.
O what we ben! And what we come to!
From now on, no one rewires my mind but me.
No one owns the sunset.
The scent of a faraway place lay on my skin.
Don’t mess with the fairies.
Are you mad? Always a trickier question than it looks.
There is no God but the one we dream up.
Cruelty has never made me smile.
But thought has no eyelids to close or ears to block...
Love is a big knot of whys.
His skin was blotched as a dying banana.
Glass half empty, glass half full, glass too small?
Stories are light. Light is precious in a world so dark.
Rat. A curse, an insult, a word totally without light.
Revenge was a dish best served cold.
Everybody counts or nobody counts.
Once torched by truth, a little thing like faith is easy.
We all see what we want to see.
We were slowly, but irrevocably, coming apart.
Thir must be less tae life than this.
… you were better making history than studying it.
Awareness is seventy percent of the solution.
Did he who made the lamb make thee?
Whether you CAN forgive and whether you SHOULD trust.
She is a moron and too dumb to menstruate straight.
Each of us is born with a history already in place.
You take care of your tools, your tools take care of you.
Downtime’s easier to enjoy when I know it’ll end.
Perfection cannot endure in an imperfect world.
Nothing learned is ever quite wasted.
Perhaps thought really is prayer.
When everything is social, suddenly nothing is.
Life is so beautiful.
Greek mythology has always been my Achilles elbow.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
My ignorance was inexcusable, and it made me ashamed.
Buffeted by the passions and longings of youth.
Reading well is one of the great pleasures.
Emily Dickinson sublimely unnames even the blanks.
Greatness recognizes greatness, and is shadowed by it.
Amy decided she was never watching Animal Planet again.
Never underestimate a droid.
Never explain yourself, Alma. It makes you appear weak.
Plant an expectation; reap a disappointment.
Happiness is the consequence of personal effort.
... to travel is worth any cost or sacrifice.
When you mess something up, you learn for the next time.
You lose one friend, you pick up another.
If she dreamed, she did not remember when she awoke.
There is no such thing as too much communication.
Forbearance is a form of generosity.
What good are the words?
It could be worse. I could be you.
Information is not knowledge, mind you.
You are a story you tell yourself.
But there is always one last chance—right?
Who is the Tolstoy of the Zulus?
Sin is in the wish to do no harm.
Pride, she thought drearily, was a cold bedfellow.
Dresscodes are for styleless people.
What did they know about you? I know you.
Enjoyment lies in the search for truth, not in finding it.
It was better not to remember such terrible details.
This foolish smile he could not forgive himself.
Art is the uniting of the subjective with the objective.
To err his human, to stroll is Parisian.
If no one loved, the sun would go out.
When one has but a single idea he finds in it everything.
Curiosity is a sort of gluttony. To see is to devour.
No corruption is possible with the diamond.
Catastrophes have a somber way of arranging things.
...yes is all you ever need to say to begin a journey.
The media. It sounds like a convention of spiritualists.
Let us become servants in order to be leaders.
That makes it worse! Worse and better!
Lies are considered true. Truth is considered seditious.
All awakening to love is spiritual awakening.
When we have to do a thing...we can do it.
If the retreat house was a trap, it was a very nice one.
I often use alcohol as an artificial check on my skills.
It was so bad, it was worth more than we paid.
I thought she would be fun to have fun with.
There is no getting into the future except by waiting.
Violence is the only lever big enough to move the world.
To everyone who enjoys ghost stories.
How can I bless you when you are cursed in your choice?
Two people can be in the same room and still be gone.
He who sneers at love will be left howling by love.
In the end, all disguises must drop.
The greatest loves are those kept in secret.
Our bodies surround what has always been there.
There were many times when logic was of no comfort.
She hated cleaning up after making something.
You look like an accident going somewhere to happen.
It hurts to be torn apart.
Gifts are visual symbols of love.
Some books you read.
Love is as strong as death.
And if you have found your voice, you can be heard.
If there is another life he will find her there.
Intuition is the ear of the soul.
Anything you say may be used against you.
Born on third base and think they hit a triple.
Auden poem, Let your last thinks all be thanks.
I should have written books instead of reading them.
We are made out of stars, you and I.
And so does pity lead straight to disaster.
A teahouse amid the cherry blossoms, on the way to death.
Pragmatists are often strangely superstitious.
...And call me Conrad!
But as we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers.
Positive thinking founded on denial may not be so great.
Cats have no guilt and very little shame.
To light a candle is to cast a shadow ...
I paint because I have no tail to wag.
Rather than admit defeat, I decided to change goals.
There is no one God won’t use.
Be assured, I do not suffer from a sense of humor.
How do I know what I think until I see what I say?
This is your life and its ending one minute at a time.
Ev­ery­thing they be­lieved in turned out to be wrong.
The truth is noth­ing new ev­er hap­pens.
Your name told you just how your life would go.
Can you just re­lax and let things hap­pen?
The damaged love the damaged.
You could choke on the silence.
I’m the one who still needs rewriting. Don’t we all?
We are made by what we are asked to bear, Ling Chan.
Quick answers often lead to quick regrets.
The hand you hold the longest is your own.
Her self, then, was represented in her books.
No one had told her what birth meant.
If it’s not authentically you, live without it.
Thank God for small favors.
Throwing up is not a group activity.
How scary and sudden the shift from Living to Dead.
Mr. Archer being EARTH FRIENDLY was APPARATUS HOSTILE.
There are too many fault lines to count now.
Laid out. It has the most beautiful.
When fixing problems, always do the least you can.
Nil magnum nisi bonum. No greatness without goodness.
What a terrible thing it is to botch a farewell.
Perhaps you need to look back before you can move ahead.
There is a field.
Sometimes a finger must be cut to save the hand.
To become bored with eating is to be bored with life.
Possession. Demand. Control. He wants it all.
You can’t be neutral on a moving train.
History is humankind trying to get a grip.
Don’t just do something. Stand there. —Rochelle Myer.
Thus, our brokenness can become a gateway to new life.
Go, children. Run and read. Read and run. Show and tell.
The scythe fell and lay in the grass like a lost smile.
Once upon a time! What kind of talk is that?
Time has fallen asleep in the afternoon sunshine.
First with the head and then with the heart.
One word after another.
I was their first book.
Books are really places, make no mistake about that.
I wish I could purr, too. I would have purred then.
The scent of trees was in the air.
Passion does not translate easily into good income.
Good morning! said Bilbo, and he meant it.
I look foul and feel fair.
But time does not stand still, though the Sun be lost.
The eagles are coming!
The time of my thought is my own to spend.
He turned to me, full of a terrifying benevolence.
Best way to predict your future is to create it.
The only past which endures lies wordlessly within you.
Arrakis makes us moral and ethical.
All rebels are closet aristocrats.
What have we here—jinn or human?
The hunter does not seek dead game.
The universe is full of doors.
Are you a believer or just playing safe?
I think I want to kiss you again.
...children should be children as long as they can.
The more one gets the more one wants.
…possessed of that indescribable charm called grace.
…thirst is harder to bear than hunger, heat, or cold.
Work and hope. But never hope more than you work.
There is a loneliness that fills the plain. Total. Lunar.
The hardest thing in the world is to be ourselves.
Yes, world history is indeed such an onion!
We were invincible because we were eighteen and stupid.
To leave the apple unpicked—that was sin.
...there has to be darkness if there is to be light.
Has to be darkness if there is to be light.
It was ridiculous of her to feel so wounded.
This was my eleventh lie.
I have plenty of places to go, but no place to be.
As they say in my country, have a nice day.
The dinosaurs died so that chat rooms may flourish.
The symptoms of love are the same as those of cholera.
Fear of death is the amber of happiness.
The city drowned in memories.
Oh, how good it is to be with someone, sometimes.
I am not a hero. Life has not required it of me.
The historian must have no country. —JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
You put the fist in pacifist?
I love you too, but my time with you has passed.
It is always important to look beyond a pleasant visage.
Waiting feeds fear. Courage comes with deeds.
In that direction only pain lies.
We all make choices. We all have to live with them.
... Place the boldest color where I want people to look.
Pleasure represents a great good but also a grave danger.
Who are YOU? said the Caterpillar.
And if he left off dreaming about you.
The time has come,the Walrus said.
What I tell you three times is true.
I fear no bad angel, and have offended no good one.
And yet does the appetite for new days ever really cease?
Sun and moon, sun and moon, time goes.
Shout to the top!
Human sanity was a poor, fragile thing at best.
They are the Eggheads. He is the Walrus.
Choking the gopher. What’d you think I’d do, my homework?
Welcome! I said—the most dangerous word in the world.
We Woosters can bite the bullet.
In the grueling light that passed for day...
There ain’t no law in Mexico. It’s just a pack of rogues.
Things separate from their stories have no meaning.
A friend is by definition an unpaid therapist.
Rip the prisons open put the convicts on television.
No son wishes to see his son less powerful than himself.
The gift blesses the giver.
Premonitions are coincidences waiting to happen.
Fine fellows—cannibals—in their place.
My heart seemed everywhere at once.
Queer, how I misinterpreted the designations of doom.
One can not always believe what one hears.
We best teach what we ourselves have learned.
The more people I meet the happier I become.
Then a moment passed and all was changed.
You do your rebellions any way you can.
Sometimes what goes without saying is best said anyway.
It cannot be an ill fortune to have loved a unicorn.
I began the second half of my life by making coffee.
I would bear it for her if I could.
I’m too exhausted to sleep.
Williamsburg was stifling, narcotized by the heat.
A word is worth one coin, silence is worth two.
The paltriness of these sexual struggles.
Your authority and my degeneracy are one in the same.
Choose someone to love who wouldn’t even hear of it.
Sometimes God’s voice is hard to hear over the world.
Wherever people are praying, there’s always hope.
Worry about nothing. Pray about everything.
She found beauty in the children.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.5.
Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.
Culture is action, not words.
Feelings aren’t truth.
My love, he whispered. Oh, my love. I do want ye so.
Cows? he asked, Was it really cows, or was I dreaming?
She was the still point in the turning world.
Silence has a sound.
You will ask yourself you will ask yourself.
I want her to be safe. I want her to be mine.
A villain let your creativity out of its cage.
Happiness even makes the wicked good.
What tender threads do life and death hang.
My heart started acting like a drunk grasshopper.
He was tired of seeing his family only in dreams.
You got cats at home? No cats. Only a husband. ―.
Often, little brother, there is no smoke without fire.
If only the Fates had granted him a longer stay in this.
And she liked me. She liked . liked me. She.
In the kingdom of kitsch you would be a monster.
Common consensus is not thought but wishful thinking.
I was pretending to be a monster, and I became a monster.
I wanted to shout myself into his ear.
My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.
Part of getting what you want is asking for it.
Zoyd was out of smokes.
If you smile when you lose, then you win in life.
A million dollars in those days was a million dollars.
Winter days were static glimpsed between channel flips.
All Thinking is Wishful.
Consciousness is a precondition of being.
Everything psychic is pregnant with the future.
Why did nature not ask my advice about my features?
Echo. Too late. Brainless swept into the foyer.
Your life becomes the shape of the days you inhabit.
If the stock market exists, so must previous lives.
Thinks Stan. She knows about the chickens.
Are there stars? he asks her. She nods.
Now I wanted to be acknowledged, but I feared it.
A bugler sounded the Last Post. Heartbreak made audible.
...time is the third party to every relationship.
Survival was an unpleasent thing to witness.
If your soul left this earth I would follow and find you.
She is so special I rewrote my entire existence for her.
There’s no such thing as an amicable divorce.
Cops aren’t heroes, Peabody. We just do the job.
We talk to fill the void and the uncertainty.
Keep marching boys and girls. Keep marching.
What was needed now was not bravery, but circumspection.
All you have to do is ask, Peaches.
And Rhysand. Couldn’t forget about him.
Let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding.
Jesus H. Mary mother of Christ in crutches.
I’ll burn the world down to save her.
New ideas are always resisted.
Tomorrow is forever, and years pass in no time at all.
I am so happy that you saw your epop.
Compulsion is the death of friendship.
No valentines from the cats again.
Betrayal would be a different sort of sick.
Said the pegasus.
Thou art too damned jolly. Sail on.
Hast seen the white whale?
Pessimism is often a failure of imagination.
Ahab was neither my first husband nor my last.
The forest had many edges, like a lace altarpiece.
Why ask for your daily bread when you own the bakery?
...like the rest of us he seeks an external savior.
What we really need is a doctor, not a spear.
What do the Texans say? All hat, no cattle.
But we were just picnicking friends.
Do not cry over losing blood. Not for something you love.
Please make it yesterday, when Papa came home.
Love. . . . You are born in it . . . you return to it.
Her death was as insignificant as her life.
The slightest human contact was immediate joy.
Life is a series of pulls back and forth.
Every straight line can be forced into a curve!
Our mother performed in starlight.
Do you come from Heaven or rise from the abyss, Beauty?
Music pierces the sky.
Worry is fear in disguise.
No one is an unjust villain in his own mind.
We’re ostriches and the whole world is sand.
Love will be the downfall of God himself.
Phillip, who is congenitally incapable of moderation.
They have never heard of Lindsay Lohan. They are blessed.
But spite is a wonderful thing for keeping people alive.
Free will is not always the most important thing.
Living in this world without Valek held no appeal for me.
Our herd may roam, but we all know where is home.
I never pretended with you.
They were my family, yet they were strangers.
His heart wanted Mary. And then it wanted Merry.
Rooms that are bigger on the inside than the outside.…
The day life appeared on Earth, death appeared with it.
The premise of chivalry is female weakness.
Death fed life.
Like the honey badger, the werewolf takes what it wants.
To me, legacy code is simply code without tests.
Remember, code is your house, and you have to live in it.
Was the anticipation worse than the event itself? At.
Wow! I can hardly believe I finished Beyonders.
A stocky zombie with curly orange hair.
Ma’s in Room still, I want her here so much much much.
Not beautiful, not brilliant, no longer young.
Lots of the world seems to be a repeat.
I’ll be in Heaven getting your room ready.
God is always present. We’re the ones who show up.
I cannot stand objections. They make me so undecided.
The sky is a blue so clean it verges on joy.
Libraries are not, never will be, used by everyone.
Suzanne likes thrills, but she hates being uncomfortable.
In the sense of movement a boat is a living thing.
Her smile shames the sun.
To risk is to live.
Life really is nothing more than a journey back home.
Learn to Be Silent.
Every event has a purpose and every setback its lesson.
The best gifts are never given, but claimed.
From pulp you are and to pulp you shall return.
You always have to keep pushing to innovate.
Life rewards the dogged, not the qualified.
The first tear drops falling from a depressed sky.
In God’s presence I feel small because I am small.
If virtue does not equal powers, powers will be misused.
Routine wears down vigilance.
I wish I knew the flavor of my happiness.
When you raise the dead, they bring their baggage.
All the meat, he thought, and all it wants.
Are you flirting with me?
Mia, I’m not sorry. And I’ll wait. Love, Michael.
What? That’s when I knew how wrong I’d been.
Flinging dog drool on innocent passersby?
What sort of gods make rats and plagues and dwarfs?
It is hard to die unmourned.
Not all risks lead to ruin.
I know that eggs do well to stay out of frying pans.
Better to die a knight than live like that.
The path of faith was a crooked one.
Dead history is writ in ink, the living sort in blood.
Half as big but twice as mad.
A knight swears by his sword.
Lions care not for the opinions of sheep.
Racing down the kingsroad, as if to outrun his doubts.
Dark wings, dark words, Ned said grimly.
Madness and greatness are two sides of the same coin.
I can ... die as I please.
My life is a poor thing, but it is yours.
Hodor said only, Hodor. That was all he ever said.
Tell me who’s won and I’ll tell you what it means.
...seeing everything, yet a part of nothing.
I’m not an owl, said Arya. I’m a wolf. I’ll howl.
A sweet offer ... yet sweets can be poisoned.
She is of the north. She deserves better than a butcher.
Guard your tongue before it digs your grave.
To his surprise and suspicion, she smiled.
You realize that tough love is also tough on the lover.
Old love is a row of beach huts in November.
Trembling copse of young saplings.
He couldn’t go on. He went on.
The devil is a good actor, smiled Domingo.
We are alive on the very brink of eternity.
Cowardice has its own rewards.
But never had come first.
Faith itself is a miracle.
What is this fascination the world has with death?
Good writing should be grasped at once—in a second.
In a sense, every story or poem is a vacation.
He teaches us to see love as our only function.
The Holy Spirit is within us to do the impossible.
Our deepest fears is not that we are inadequate, ...
Sometimes the past can vanish.
A territory is only possessed for a moment in time.
What’s another word for thesaurus?
You have a nice day, you hear?
There is more to life than just increasing its speed.
Don’t you love that phrase.
My research was stimulating but solitary.
Especially something as boring as law, Ben added.
Her eyelashes lay still; her heart was still.
Between the covers, a book can be a sin.
He must have made a deal with the devil to come back.
Black Swans and tail events run the socioeconomic world.
Read books are far less valuable than unread ones.
The true source of happiness is within each of us.
Everything not forbidden is compulsory.
He whispered into her mind.
The GhostWalker Creed.
Loving God with all our mind means that.
He came to destroy sin because it is fatal.
My soul knows your soul. In any time.
Good humor pokes fun at the powerful — not the weak.
Laughter is deliverance, bubbly salvation.
Where is de house where de mouse is de leader?
He was a glance from God.
I think she’s too ignorant to be a witch.
As Joyce Meyer candidly puts it, Complain and Remain.
I urge you to stop remembering what God has forgotten.
Every relationship is an education.
If there is a conclusion it is zero.
Fair and unfair are for children.
Can’t change what you don’t acknowledge.
Call it the Star Gate.
Woody, a commander can be wrong, but never uncertain.
You can’t have action without reaction.
A movie theater is Switzerland of the diet world.
She’s only human. Don’t judge her. Just love her.
You cannot do more with less.
Where’s Rehvenge? I’m right here.
The strong do not wallow. They move forward.
I just…I love you. Even though I’m broken.
I love you so much… she declared, that it doesn’t hurt.
The guy was like part pro wrestler, part Toys R Us.
She was not his sun or moon, but his galaxy.
You couldn’t soar if you didn’t leap.
She glanced over at the heavy.
Sometimes dragon slayers... Were just slayers.
The infinite Manhattan night.
I wanted to live inside it, not write in it.
If all are equal, then none is strong.
For the Jedi, there is no emotion; there is peace.
Aloneness is not always the same thing as loneliness.
But it was possible to teach what one could not practice.
Negativity could be frighteningly contagious.
Thinks the sun shines out yer clacker.
Several people asked questions to hear themselves talk.
It was always pleasant crossing bridges in Paris.
I like to see you in the morning all new and strange.
The cat is the best anarchist.
You are not supposed to like things. Only to understand.
There is milk? What luxury!
And feel now. Thou hast no heart but mine.
We are very serious so we can make very strong jokes.
Love is the wanting to do things for.
It is silly not to hope, he thought.
You have that pleasant air of a dog in heat.
The whole thing seemed to run better while I was away.
But, then, nothing is easy.
I always shot scorpions with the .22 pistol.
He used the word gamut.
It was an hour before the first shark hit him.
Library science was the foundation of all sciences.
Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches.
Revolution is an amateur thing for almost everybody;.
I always get the shakes before a drop.
I needed a space suit the way a pig needs a pipe organ.
They lingered over cups of ersatz coffee.
We do not just belong to this universe, we are it.
Sometimes you win and sometimes you learn.
Tell me something in your native woodland language.
The market is a system of mass cooperation.
Uniqueness is the commodity of glut.
A panic state is not helpful to good decision making.
Body parts telegraphed complaints from faraway places.
Survival is the greatest gift of love.
Where does madness leave off and reality begin?
Winners never quit, quitters never win.
Yet the stomach for war breeds an appetite for money.
Friday. Proposed to Cicely. Refused.
Believing it will all work out helps it all work out. A.
Mercy is Truth clothed; judgment is Truth naked.
Buying is much more American than thinking.
When the moon sails out with a hundred faces all the same.
She’d broken him open and taken his emotional virginity.
The only way to deal with bullies is to confront them.
Cassita vulneratus. Raven awoke with a start.
Said once that you were not my equal, but my better.
You too shall know, what it is to love without hope!
Danger sweetens the brew. Makes it more delicious.
Our expectancies are rewarded by substances.
And I had to get out of hating range.
Heaven no longer exists, nor does the earth.
Everything makes me angry, unless it makes me sad.
Before you can live a part of you has to die.
You may come back as soon as your senses have returned.
That’s all kids want to know, that you love them.
From they sack and they belly opened.
It leaves space for your thoughts to echo.
No believer is a bad believer.
A word is also a picture of a word.
Yes, forgotten by all else, but not by us.
That terrible avenger, a perfect archangel of hatred.
Just two tears. That’s all life is worth.
Always, everywhere, the world is filled with collisions.
There is no loyalty in fear, only resentment.
We had to fight, because to decline battle was a defeat.
How can a god disapprove of a good hump?
Play with the devil, Finan said, and you get burned.
Instinct is everything.
Always fight the horse, not the rider.
But everything is absurd, and dreaming least of all.
Every gesture is a dead dream.
Commands are no constraints.
Nothing says Christmas like a burning meth lab.
Losers can only flourish until a dominant species appears.
There’s no such thing as a conservative hero.
To be safe is to be afraid.
He was a LEPER, you idiot! Not a leopard.
Earth was totally unprepared for an enemy made of meat.
What’s a Mennonite? Vance asked. Amish with blenders.
Pain travels pretty well.
Amy called the whale punkin.
For the French army was going to war. In taxis.
Diana, he whispered. My Diana.
Nothing worth knowing can ever be taught in a classroom.
Instead I said, Flora Bora Slam, mothercrackers.
You are what you leave behind.
...the prettiest girls in the world live in Des Moines.
Where is he tonight? Where am I? Where are you?
Be in love with everything .
I had nothing to offer anyone except my own confusion.
A child in the woods. A child with an army.
Fox squeezed past him, feeling his warmth like a home.
Maybe love bore fruit even more poisonous than fear.
But his heart, strangely enough, told him something else.
Death has white hounds.
Or maybe I was just a girl, interrupted.
Ignorance isn’t prejudiced about who it afflicts.
Paul was blandness itself, just tinged with pink.
People love to make life harder than it has to be.
I was free. Free also means nothing.
So who turned up the volume of ignorance up to eleven?
Never complain about what you allow.
Those things that hurt, instruct. —Benjamin Franklin.
Action is what converts human dreams into significance.
Be honest with yourself. The world is not honest with you.
The lack of money is the root of all evil, Mr. Meadows.
He who is feared by my enemy is my shield.
The werehyena Casanova strikes again.
There was so much I could teach her.
My lords! I’m not a castle. You don’t have to storm me.
The past is not what it was.
There is nothing to unify God and the soul but the Cross.
Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon.
What matters is the effect, not the process.
What if we feel a yearning to which no breast answers?
Find a way to learn something from every disappointment.
We cannot be humble except by enduring humiliations. How.
False ideas about yourself destroy you. For.
You can’t have living without dying.
Don’t think I won’t come after you with a wooden spoon.
More lies, but maybe lies were better than the truth.
If Chizara was agreeing with Ethan, things were bad.
They broke things.
No one else has lived this life.
Uncle Norm says, ‘Pity is a form of abuse.
Power and money Like Pooh Bear and honey Stick fast.
Nothing is more tiresome than being told what to admire.
The healthy can’t understand the emptied, the broken.
Willful waste makes woeful want.
When you have light in your mind, you shine.
Faith is greater than fear. Peace is greater than anger.
Regard those who respect you. Esteem those who honor you.
Forgive those who hurt you yesterday.
Books were not an expense; they were an investment.
The black heart does not beat alone.
Everybody has a jury, the voices they carry inside.
The stars are so big.
The price of eternal vigilance is indifference.
All that we saw was owing to your metaphysics.
Take up the tale, quoth Umslopogaas; it is a merry one.
But pacifism only works when your enemy has a conscience.
War without end.
Stupidity was usually a lesser crime than vigilantism.
He’s young. He still sleeps sometimes. It’s a weakness.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
We are richer than we think, each one of us.
It is only the insane who achieve anything significant.
If there’s no sacrifice, there’s no love.
He who lies down with dogs shall rise with fleas.
Whenever things were going well, I started to feel vain.
People need history in order to know themselves.
Mawidge is a dweam wiffin a dweam.
She had felt capable of anything.
It’s always sad when someone dies of a cliché.
The lines in her face were deep enough to hide gravel in.
We all have our crosses to bear.
Johnnie Walker in the tea, Jim Beam in the coffee.
Cast your burden on the LORD, and He shall sustain you;.
Living by being instead of trying.
Vision is defined as a program for restoring the human.
Persuasion is a strong but subdued outrider.
Beliefs are collars to which leashes can be attached.
No whiskey, no religion, nothing.
Oh really? You’re cold?
Fiction writing feels more honest to me.
No rose without a thorn. But many a thorn without a rose.
Struggle explained everything.
What do you love even more than you love your own ego?
Love over suffering, always.
The most urgent war is always the one fought at home.
The flying fish and the diving bird had been netted.
We all live within time. It rules us.
Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.
The earth turned on the pivot of her mouth.
Let whoever can win glory before death.
Not a lawyer but carries within him the debris of a poet.
I didn’t know words could be so heavy.
Silence was not quiet or calm, and it was not peace.
Living was living. The price was guilt and shame.
The classified cat watches from the kitchen window.
... but remember that I shall love your sorrow...
Spreading rumours is our national past time.
Someday, somehow, I would repay my cousin Rachel.
I could fight the living but I could not fight the dead.
Love deeply grounded, hardly is dissembled.
Vntroubled night they say giues counsell best.
The husband is always the last to find out.
And the most insane gossip tortured the town.
...war was not glory but dirt and misery.
Think hard before you begin, then enter the work.
This was Penelope, and this was love.
May the forests be with you and with your children.
As the place is worth seeing, nobody goes there.
The phantom of social justice tormented him.
Ambition had a price, and that price was friendship.
War is capitalism with the gloves off.
She’s drunk herself out of her senses.
Both touching and somehow repulsive.
There are people on whom even clean linen looks indecent.
True love finds its consummation.
The morning was so damp and misty.
There is strength to endure everything.
Black identities are diverse and complex…
…but youth yearned to youth.
Death grows friendlier as we grow older.
We are not only what we do, we are also what we imagine.
We were idiots really, but awfully happy, too.
Times are grave and you seem very indignant.
Nobody can stay in the Garden of Eden.
There is no temptation from outside the heart.
There are times when silence is a poem.
Best always to praise rather than criticize.
It would be like a Hardy novel, before it all goes wrong.
How pride had kept them from admitting their mistakes—and.
Eve ate the apple because Adam was afraid.
The only thing that helped me breathe was opening a book.
A good businessman is hard to bruise and quick to heal.
So let me see? What do I have? Surprise! Surprise!
One never gets the same summer twice.
So break up with him.
What goes unnamed remains hard to correct.
The dead leave us starving with mouths full of love.
The dead lose every sense except hearing.
What a strange girl you are. Why? Flung out of space.
Death was only one more adventure untried.
Well, the first hole’s the hardest, Magnet said.
The piles were a lot bigger than his hole was deep.
My pains are but trifling things compared to my joy.
This is a quote.
We even fall in love with love.
I was never bored except in the company of others.
I came to this city to escape.
I can change the story. I am the story.
I am always wondering about love.
Reading is where the wild things are.
When you are a solitary kid you find an imaginary friend.
All the familiar things were getting different meanings.
I need the dark places to get outside of common sense.
Moss that is concentrating on being green.
I think cynicism often disguises itself as humour.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
There is no one truth.
Music is a personal response to vibration.
She was the books she read in the library.
Eyes changed after they looked at new things.
Why else were we here except to love?
He’s too clever to be wise, if that makes any sense. Very.
Lack of subtlety, that’s how you beat magic.
This conspiracy needs a flow chart.
What they are able to imagine becomes more real to them.
Each act is an island in time, to be judged on its own.
A dream is the place where a wish and a fear meet.
The force is always with you, if you give up force.
Sometimes with all the teasing his days were subtenable.
In spite of the strife the stars were bright as crystal.
Measure twice; cut once.
But what reality was ever made by realists?
All magicians lie and this one more than most.
How far would we have to go to run from winter?
Her beautiful face was blank as an unwritten book.
Death is the mother of beauty.
Beauty alters the grain of reality.
The heart asks pleasure first; and then excuse from pain.
He was born a slave, but he was not born to be a slave.
A collective spasm of carbophobia seized the country,...
You are what you eat eats.
I was reading.
Nothing is cheaper than past glories.
Death is the only limit to the road you travel.
Judging with the eyes is always a mistake.
Taking on the afterlife one soul at a time.
Which of us saved the other from the Labyrinth, Ged?
To be whole is to be part; true voyage is return.
They let us be, here, in the cage of our ignorance.
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom.
Let us enjoy this fruit and await further ones.
Live with liberty, and your imagination can soar.
The interesting people are always immoderate.
I cut going there entirely, gradually.
Better to try and fail than not to try at all.
Nothing is as it seems.
Is it easier to be than to do?
Time legitimizes the outrageous.
Life is short. Death is forever.
Without just one nest.
Ev­ery­one else I could call is dead.
The whole world is a dis­as­ter wait­ing to hap­pen.
Be­cause no­body wants bad news.
If you’re lis­ten­ing to this, you know that I’m dead.
Give me courage. Flash. Give me heart. Flash.
And married peolpe always think love is the answer.
I have no idea where they’re go­ing with this.
Hysteria is impossible without an audience.
Nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it.
Her mother was lost in a sea of irregular verbs.
This was her moment, the perfect now.
The sleep he went back to was never the one he left.
Those were lean years for emotional charity...
The world is full of dead optimists.
One can never go back. One always has to move forward.
They lived happily ever after.
Call me The Giver, he told Jonas.
Nobody works harder at learning than a curious kid.
Culture is nested in context, not genes.
Concentrate on doing the job, not the fear.
I was a ticking clock in a timeless world.
Sit still long enough and everything will come to you.
Art is rooted in joy.
Life will defend itself no matter how smallit is.
I was determined to move forward.
There is no worse suffering than to love with fear.
Every life ought to contain both a turn and a return.
Where, you tend a rose, my lad, A thistle cannot grow.
People learned to live with the most unimaginable things.
That’s how children deal with terror. They fall asleep.
Even a prince may be a fool.
The happiness of being envied is glamour.
Preachers love only their own voices.
It was a whiny culture, we were finding.
Logic was to cognition as geometry was to landscape.
Life is complex, and entropy is real.
Lo, which a greet thing is affeccioun!
We know little of the things for which we pray.
People have managed to marry without arithmetic.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The best way to get a good idea is to get a lot of ideas.
Joy and resentment cannot coexist.
Kids have too much money these days, if you ask me.
At sea, things appear different.
I’m never going to own anything can hurt me.
War is a bad thing, but peace can be a living horror.
The Devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
Inspiring isn’t the same as plotting.
Writers live in houses other people built.
- Surely you have considered terrorist activity?
Often does hatred hurt itself!
Stress happens when the mind resists what is.
But you can’t change the fruit without changing the root.
She was a cute as a washtub.
I was a swell guy. I enjoyed being me.
Nothing is impossible for him who believes.
Coincidence is your Higher Power acting with anonymity.
Eyes from which nothing but truth could possibly seep.
There is no honour among consultants.
Life is not an option, it is a gift. Death is the option.
God created Arrakis to train the faithful.
What do you despise? By this are you truly known. —.
Cynicism! That, no doubt is a greater crime than heresy.
Growing older is to grow more wicked.
Beginnings are such delicate times.
Color streamed into a toe of darkness testing the sand.
Delay is as dangerous as the wrong answer.
...and the thick, sugary covering of the snow...
Mr. Laurence. I have got a letter for the lady.
Limited minds can recognize limitations only in others.
The human soul is a lonely thing.
With the last remnant of his strength.
The trouble with him was that he was without imagination.
In London, I tended to hang with the fallen.
I will not stop singing the Muses who set me dancing.
Lizards that blend into the rock do so to catch flies.
Resistance is implacable, intractable, indefatigable.
The best leaders never stop learning.
It’s much better to ask small questions than big ones.
Normal is boring. Who wants that?
It’s better this way. A little lonelier but better.
Without God life makes no sense.
Repetition is the mother of character and skill.
For generations fathers had watched earth and sea.
And his voice came from him in a whisper.
Good luck can be enticed by accepting opportunity.
If there were no shadows, how could we see the sunlight?
Common words of spark and heart.
We travel into or away from our photographs.
We must be equal to the largeness of things.
We still want what we want. We want a haircut.
Grades really cover up failure to teach.
God, Jordan, I’d fix it for you if I could.
Her brain was a storm, her usual insight gone.
She was armed to the teeth for any onslaught of sympathy.
You save yourself or you remain unsaved.
Survivors look back and see omens, messages they missed.
I always feel sad for the girl that I was.
I finally understood—nearly twenty years too late.
I might as well have said dot dot dot aloud.
Bear gifts if you can’t bear anything else.
Today I like my first ladies with a little bite.
I like rules that make sense, not rules without logic.
Poetry was alive and dangerous.
Alcoholism is an imperfect spiritual longing.
You can’t eat it, but it sustains you.
Music is important for one’s health.
She would go to sleep only once and that would be to die.
Death, however clearly foretold, still came unexpectedly.
You carve wounds upon my flesh and write there in salt!
Guard your tongue before it digs your grave.
There is no one to understand us, except ourselves.
Do you know that hobo is an acronym for Homeward Bound?
Remember what mom used to say? Shred the guilt.
Everything moved rapidly after the tea was drunk.
You have to know where you are to know where to go.
Love isn’t like a cup of sugar that gets used up.
Maybe you’ll learn something about life beyond Batman.
He was the kind of beautiful that got under your skin.
Each of our five senses contains an art.
The more there is of mine, the less there is of yours.
Words are much stronger than I am.
Whatever is, is, and whatever is not, is not.
To die is nothing, but it is terrible not to live.
What is now in the past was once in the future.
When one does wrong, one must do it thoroughly.
One kiss, and that was everything.
The enemy you flee is not exterior to yourself.
There is no way to master the fact with which I live.
Life is so funny sometimes that you just have to laugh.
Nikki looks at me, confused. What’s wrong?
How was her crumbcake?
If life is a book, then read it while you can.
If he is not the word of God God never spoke.
I tell you this, as war becomes.
The razorous shoulder blades sawing under the pale skin.
Love was here today and left us dry did we deserve Him?
How his hatred seethed in search of a justifiable excuse.
The hospital bulked darkly in the darkness.
You can feel life completely by taking it away.
It was a dark story.
Doomed to be the recipient of confidences...
Here all is strange.
What matters is giving over to what you love.
I love whom I love.
There is no escape from the prison of the mind.
Forgiveness is the key to the recovery of the soul.
The recounting of a life is a cheat, of course.
What is technique but the absence of passion?
She was there beside him, an incalculable distance away.
To a dusty shelf we aspire.
On the other side of attraction, is repulsion.
God is merciful in what He sometimes lets us forget.
God may save all, but human rescue is only for a few.
You will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
I need you, Bailey. Only you.
I am enough for you, daughter … Fill your heart with me.
I’d wish you good luck, but I don’t believe in it.
Our salvation depends on not who we are but on who He is.
Whatever she might become she would never be static.
Prison does not silence ideas whose time has come.
He wanted AFFIRMATION rather than INFORMATION.
Failure most of all. The greatest teacher failure is.
Where do I belong in this country? Where is home?
One does not learn to suffer less but to dodge pain.
Jealousy had nothing to do with logic.
I thought furiously.
Solitude was in its own way a balm for loneliness.
His weight pinning me to the bed.
But war has a long fuse, and a slow match.
He had the wit of a store mannequin.
Martinis in a can, Callie. We live in an age of wonders.
Magic singers proclaiming hope and despair in the dark.
Going bearded seemed one less thing to have to fail at.
You can’t create life in a place that’s dying by degrees.
Because in the past words have only driven them apart.
Some stains never wash out.
When he smiles at me, I am lost.
Only cheats go back on a promise.
She finally said,.
Happiness was relative.
Miracles only grow where you plant them.
Some things are better left the way they are.
...and a suitcase of memories.
No matter where you are, you always need a best friend.
Bombay is a city where gossip is treated as a commodity.
Such is the life and death of a good cowboy.
Sometimes just making yourself at home is revolutionary.
Odd things made him love her.
Trust Anne to turn a disadvantage into an asset!
There he dwelt, a prisoner acting like a king.
Everything has a meaning, if only we could read it.
Learning and seeing are more important than education.
Noise has one advantage. It drowns out words.
He remembered his family with deep feelings of love.
Home is the place with the most rules.
I put my hands into the pockets of all his jackets.
Not everybody benefits from a misspent youth.
Never know when a gal might need a laser.
Same old Satanic pact, only more of it.
Tomorrow does not exist. There is only .
Without privacy, civilized life could not exist.
It was comparable to getting sick from bad ventilation.
Where there is a will there is a way!
The feeling of a place was the best reason to go.
The devil dances with those who walk alone on an edge.
Chris reveres her as his own religion.
In this case, two wrongs made a major right.
He follows the curve as if he’s an artist.
The words scare her. She’s scared of love.
The human heart is a theater of longing.
But all doors used regularly are doors to the afterlife.
The living bird is not its labeled bones.
I began to forget myself in the middle of sentences.
On the Street of Dreams it was dream eat dream.
She had loved him, uselessly.
What thumbsuckers we all are...when it comes to mothers.
...he was the kind of boy for whom cleverness was female.
God be with you is not an unmixed blessing.
Gain ten pounds and they put you in Solitary.
Love. This is a lorry, not a Ferrari.
I’m too young to be old and too old to be young.
Owe no one anything except to love one another;.
Everything that can be tested must be tested.
It is my honour to act as your ceiling.
Reality had run and got Sanity.
The Chinese word for crisis also means opportunity.
If it is made with love, the imperfect becomes perfect.
The king stood in a pool of blue light, unmoored.
A lot of the general population are wrong.
The surface can hide a great deal of turmoil.
She’d know. Ain’t nobody more psychic than a wife.
Great times are great softeners.
Life speeds on the bold and favors the brave.
Would you have a great empire? Rule over yourself.
Praise is always a good thing, especially in a crisis.
An assistant could be just what the witch doctor ordered.
It was an age of tragic mistakes.
The hunger inside us must be fed to be controlled.
Time is only a kind of Space.
Our heartbeats…they’re the same.
Something about royals and hot brothers. Five of them.
I don’t know what you think we agreed on.
I think trusting anyone makes us all a little crazy.
So, you guys are like us in other, uh, departments?
I am not in the mood to have my underwear examined.
Negative thoughts take away your power …
The truth is that love and power go together.
We no longer live in a nation, but in a Homeland.
Sometimes the little things are the big things.
I think about death sometimes. Analytically, of course.
Dogs are very comforting when your world has exploded.
The loneliness of power.
Human beings remain grubs all the lives.
You lied to us.
He did what he thought was right.
Someone dies when the movies get into your dreams.
Adverse winds are holding mad Christmas in him, boys.
Ignorance is the parent of fear ...
I try all things; I achieve what I can.
Nameless miseries of the numberless mortals.
Loitering under the shady lee of yonder warehouses.
Sometimes idiots can accomplish wonderful things.
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?
Life is too short, and DNA too long.
Understanding is a delaying tactic.
As Thoreau implied, telegraphy made relevance irrelevant.
Help him! Help who? Help the bombardier! I’m a bombardier.
Not aptitude....attitude is the criterion for success.
Risk, I had learned, was a commodity in itself.
Before dawn, the air smelled of lemons.
If only I could have my time again.
God knows what He’s doing.
Wisdom comes when we acknowledge what we can never know.
The heart does not know chronos time, Maisie.
Don’t you feel it? he kidded her. The historicity?
But change’s always harsh on the loser. Nothing new.
When you lose, don’t lose the lesson.
If you believe it, you don’t need proof.
The only whole heart is a broken heart.
No love is worth that trouble.
It’s very simple. As you grow, you learn more.
The gravity of wound to fist.
Could we betray our parents by going back to them?
She had nothing. Except her music.
Prisoned in glass beneath my seals of red.
No cray,Daddy he whisper.
With your head, the wall breaks first.
Duty was a cold and barren shelter for a wounded spirit.
Duty flows uphill and down. He.
You know how to use magic? I asked. I prefer calculus.
Fighting is never good. But sometimes necessary.
Significance is cumulative—but not always obvious.
All I said was, I miss you.
BLARGLE SLORG NOTH HARGHLE FTHAGN! You know. The usual.
They were donuts of darkness.
It only means what you decide it means.
Seeing a wizard cut loose can do that to.
You’re dead, son, Jack said. Cheer is contraindicated.
Were traditions rational, they’d be procedures.
You don’t gain knowledge without a little pain.
We all have our demons.
We wizards are terrific at brooding.
To whom much is given, much is required.
Sometimes, being able to use magic was so cool.
I had time to think, though I wasn’t sure I wanted to.
The best magic comes from the inside.
Harry, that’s not a plan, it’s a Looney Tune.
Come with me if you want to live.
Every human has the capacity to love.
Said Saphira. ―.
Victory is victory, dead is dead, however it is achieved.
Pain is pain. You have a right to feel it.
Nasty thoughts are more like worms in the cauliflower!
Our Country is Gone, our cause is lost.
Then you stay in that root cellar until Jesus comes back.
That there’s great joy in thanking.
There’s never a good excuse for not doing anything—.
Any sentient entity who has lived, has changed.
Consciousness is just a window into time.
Let’s see how long the rich can eat their money for.
Pick a gender and stick with it, guys.
Oh, the power that lurks in the naming of names.
Keeping a child from harm is not the same as rearing one.
Too late to apologize. I have already forgiven you.
I was dying. And I had never been enough for anything.
Wolves have no kings.
One line lands in a word and one word.
Atticus, ixnay issingpay off the oppercay.>.
War always takes your life, sometimes not all at once.
They say, ‘You know nothing, Jon Snow.
She touched her forehead with the back of her.
Nancy drove to Twin Elms as fast as the law allowed.
Operation Nancy Drew Goes To Hex Hall starts today!
THE BASIC UNIT of writing practice is the timed exercise.
Solipsism of adolescence with its wild enthusiasms.
She could make excuses to keep the fantasy intact.
All I think when I look at you is hallelujah.
Careful. Why do persons only say that after the hurt?
After all, everyone is bisexual after 11pm.
Rock ’n’ roll is a terrible babysitter, baby.
We are only as sick as our secrets.
The way of Jesus is a journey, not a destination.
When a coin is minted, the devil kisses it.
If truly tested, how would we react?
Only servility requires the realm of illusion.
Though I am sometimes reluctant to admit it, there really.
He was also dying, though we didn’t know it yet.
But when in doubt, you might as well keep an open mind.
The hunchback sees the hump of others—never his own.
Mrs. Friedman lived in a happy snow globe of AP History.
The humpback never sees the hump on his own back.
A trial is two narratives competing for your attention.
The eighth ritual is the Ritual of the Spoken Word.
Think positive thoughts.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Stop eating out three times a week.
It is the first step to lifelong enlightenment.
To rise with the sun and to start the day off well.
Ritual of Personal Reflection.
If at all possible, commune with nature daily.
Your vocabulary drives meaning in your life.
Poor Wales, so far from Heaven, so close to England!
In the long run, you see, none of that matters.
What is hard to understand is that our dreams matter.
It’s a cat, but not racist.
Have you seen this cat?
You were going to refuse him? Yes. Why?
Boys. Drau or mortal, they were all the same.
He gives her his Art History lecture.
It’s better to be a pirate than to join the navy.
She has always wanted you as a mate, Owen.
We persevere because we believe rewards will come.
Fables from before the Anaheiming.
My life is a convoluted web of lies.
This is, indeed, a place where magic happens…
What Do Schoolteachers and Sumo Wrestlers Have in Common?
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.
For emotion is the enemy of rational argument.
Economists are generally negligent of their heroes.
He will not be three forever. And winter is coming.
The best lies are seasoned with a bit of truth.
To the bells and hurried to join.
And his wife, Lisa, were there.
Tries to make a pass at you, you.
My name is Stuart, and I remember everything.
It was a place to bless God in and cease from vain words.
The complexity of society does not imply a planner.
The mind drives the body, which drives the genome.
My clever baton holds your unnatural sorcery in abeyance.
Money closes more than mouths, it closes minds.
Genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains.
Human beings filled him with disgust.
Doña Beatriz was too proud to lie.
Questions are dangerous because they have answers.
All knowledge is worth having.
Practice at hunger makes the fast easier.
Meaning Michael Milton; meaning the whole thing.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
So there is some justice in this world, though not a lot.
I do not care if Laurence tells me not to squash you.
Four years! My heart was glad as birds.
God goes with me everywhere, because God is in my mind.
THE UNIVERSE IS set up to work on your behalf.
Hatred is the spiritual malignancy of our species.
There are Christians, and there are Christians.
The traffic was moving about the speed of a government.
We can´t know what we haven´t been taught.
I have long relied on the comforts of martyrdom.
Oh, boy, he could kiss.
Tearing down is always easier than building up.
Those on Whom Legends Are Built Are Their Legends.
Dying is totally out of the question.
What’s a tomb without a curse?
To be a witness to evil is to be human.
Sexual shame is in itself a kind of death.
We’ll drown our sorrows in buckets of ice cream.
His tightly fitting jeans were unmistakably French.
Luck favors the prepared, Pasteur said.
One Thousand And One Days, or How Not to Be a Sucker.
You are a perfect spiritual being. Get used to that idea.
Kings can only use their best tools.
It is good to put your life in other people’s hands.
...it seems, in tragedy, that innocence is not enough.
We got enough champagne here to start a France.
Asking questions is the key to understanding.
Fear doesn’t stop a warrior. It pushes you further.
Laugh. Always choose to laugh.
Hot beef in the name of peace.
Memories are the most powerful chains.
How to lie without lying? Avoid answering the question.
When your world falls apart, cling to the familiar.
If you go in with fear, fear is what you’ll find.
In the face of everything, we slowly come through.
She wants to have hiked; I want to have had dessert.
The redwoods are like organ pipes, playing silent chords.
The trees are so huge that they shut you up.
They got to be so conceited because they were Catholics.
But in surrender you have won.
Ultimately we’re all just walking each other home.
You cannot avoid hearing drums in Haiti.
But stillness was the sleep of swords.
Six eyes were questioning God.
He’s got uh throne in de seat of his pants.
She knew because she looked.
The sea was walking the earth with a heavy heel.
He has only heard what I felt.
Don’t ever flirt with sin.
God has picked you out to pick you up.
Learn to wait on God.
Learn to caste your care, but not your responsibility.
God has a great life planned for you.
After the ecstasy, it is said, comes the laundry.
Judges live with shadows behind them.
He told me, married and with a child of his own.
You’re right. I have no heart because I lost it to you.
There is no refuge in ignorance.
There is no safety in stupidity.
Children follow examples not advice.
The meaning of life is found In one’s children.
Trust, but verify. —RONALD REAGAN.
Hal in full control of the ship. The.
Is there intelligent life on Earth? Yours.
For the last time, David Bowman slept.
The Ramans do everything in threes.
While there was life, there was hope;.
One sample is poor statistics, my math prof used to say.
Motherhood was not for the weak.
Isn’t it wonderful not to have to be perfect to be loved?
Was enough to actually turn you into what you had to be.
Not brother. And never again.
You’ve got some of me in you.
Except cats couldn’t read minds, of course.
His heart was as empty as her stare.
Yes, she whispered.
You don’t have to be searching to find what you need.
I have dreamed of touching you.
Lord save little children! They abide.
You never know where the night will take you.
...he was forty bushels beyond bamboozled.
The future makes the rules.
Crazy things seem normal, normal things seem crazy.
Equality is a myth to protect the weak.
True strength comes from the mind and spirit.
Stay with me always, my sweet, my love ... my Claire.
I loaded on enough sarcasm to clog up a black hole.
You will find that wanting, even loving, is not enough.
Leave love to take its course.
Love does not deck the beloved in chains. It just is.
Had he healed one wound only to open another?
A career in the arts can make anyone crazy.
The gay revolution began as a literary revolution.
Art is long and life is short.
Death is almost never timely, even for the old.
Good prose is solitary work.
I wish I had the boy.
All you get in this life is a point of view.
The madness all over.
They love me like a pack of wolves. Ernest.
All remembrance of things past is fiction.
Gratitude’ is a euphemism for resentment.
There is no such thing as a humane war.
Jill tried to reswallow her stomach.
Joking. A slave needs privileges to keep him quiet.
Terra had climbed well beyond that which its.
He does not control is to behave with blind idiocy.
...and he has never.
Have time to take out your soul and look at it.
The Mother Thing makes our world.
More depended on the student than on the school.
Mother had the social restraint of an ambassador.
Life is short, but the years are long.
This has more aspects than a cat has hair.
To have a happy family...is to enjoy an earlier heaven.
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse.
Talk about turning lemons into lemonade!
They who await no gifts from chance, conquer fate.
Study hard so you can find a good company to buy.
Job is an acronym for ‘Just Over Broke.
People cannot be judged hastily.
It is not any common earth, Water or wood or air.
We be of one blood, thou and I—.
Genius has as many components as the mind itself.
My identity is without root.
Morality is the constant of human existence.
Impaler,’ she declared, ‘I have no equal.
Love is always a species of insanity. If.
The Fate of the Earth, points.
There are no new pains.
Tenses are a way of ordering the chaos around time.
Real good about.
True patriotism is doing something for your country.
Dysfunction isn’t a choice, it’s a disease.
Fear holds on. Love lets go.
Disdain for authority is the bedrock of my character.
Behind the anger, she saw that he loved her.
Whomever speaks first gives up some power.
Glass is material sea.
Insecurity of the spirit demands completeness elsewhere.
Could anyone truly trust a cat?
She committed the most.
He was polishing the glass with a dead hen.
Solidarity is not discovered by reflection but created.
I will find your books and review with nastiness.
Your infatuation will end in tears.
Love is no respecter of ages, everyone knows that.
I could not see other human beings at present.
But death is not easy, and life can win by simulating it.
Threadbare, ravaged by love – as who amongst us is not.
Let the wild ruckus commence.
What will we care for the why and the wherefore?
In the vision there is no morality.
Only a single bird is singing.
Being dead means never having to do anything sneaky.
Or make her blushing cheek a pillow for thy head.
Don’t be defeated by one defeat.
The dead. Do they sleep? Why should they, when we cannot?
Nobody with a good car needs to be justified.
The dead are a heap more trouble than the living.
Mothers who love their children take them along.
In debate he thought high and aimed low.
Gangaji’s truth required activism, not passivity.
I could see tall ideas standing up behind his eyes.
No matter what, I forgive everyone for everything!
My daddy is! Neal had shouted to the.
Dead. Her heart rate ticked up. She glanced at.
I can’t wait to start never seeing you again.
A female on the loose was a dangerous creature.
I am not going to live with regret for not having tried.
Anything worth having is going to be hard.
What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?
To transform home is to transform the world.
Inequality is corrosive. It rots societies from within.
To the poet, a pearl is a tear of the sea.
To the poet a pearl is a tear of the sea.
I am the law, and I am the judge!
Huzza for the Queen! Huzza for Old England!
The momentous arises only from the trivial.
Content isn’t king. Conversation is.
Any complex system is sport for a hacker;.
He’s a sucking chest wound of a human being.
With enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.
...everything that is not literature is life.
Buying that mask of Beethoven was an impossible dream.
None of them has a capital P branded on his forehead.
Having fun is a remedy only for those who don’t need one.
They’re coming, they’re coming.
God has not forsaken you, and God will not forsake you.
And yet I feel that I cannot go on living forever;.
I feel always that I am a prisoner.
I had had to discard my rifle.
Bowen! she cried. Your knife!
I should at least die as I had lived—fighting.
Nothing is more sacred than the facts.
Or maybe they saved you for me, forced open your eyes.
No, no, you needn’t slap me; I am not at all hysterical.
May the gods always send me stupid enemies.
I was angry. I wanted blood in the dawn.
You know what circumcision is, Private?
We feel the weather even when we are unaware that we do.
Human intellect plays no role in redemption.
Her mask gave no sign of how this affected her.
Only the good deserve to hope.
In the ancient world, blue was a breed of darkness.
Does a broken heart know from a different location?
Funny how the illusion of safety can make us careless.
Because you’ve survived, there is a next strategy.
How often ignorance stings less than knowledge.
You all have kept me sane, but he kept me safe.
None of us grew but the business.
Poetry is a controlled refinement of sobbing.
Her beauty took one’s breath away, like a sudden pain.
And all was well.
Loving someone merely meant pain. Nothing but pain.
The outer affects the inner.
You cannot stop religion from evolving.
You can’t have an adversary without being one.
Operate your household like a productive business.
There is a sort of aesthetic poverty about conservatism.
Now everything was going to be impossible, but better.
Trump, who doesn’t touch type or use a keyboard.
I was still feeling the old loss, just in a new way.
But chance has a taste for conspiracy.
Those whom you cannot love you should, rather, fear.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered mind.
Imagined slights could be more poisonous than real ones.
Aloneness exaggerates our emotions and sensitivity.
Authentic faith cannot help but act.
Cinderella was made for more than sweeping the floor.
There is no achievement without failure.
Intentional living is about living your best story.
Everything looks like a failure in the middle.
Connectors create an experience everyone enjoys.
Everything rises and falls on leadership.
Henry Ford, who said, Don’t find a fault; find a remedy.
You should not be led by popular opinion;.
Your SPINE is your Body BATTERY. Keep it CHARGED.
Television has a satanic influence.
Nobody knows more than the market.
I don’t want to play anymore … I love you.
If it feels wrong, it probably is.
It’s a sword made out of your grandmother’s bones, Kate.
First, we fight the battle, then we win the war.
Jesu, Helen, turn the horses!
But would I get you, if I were an innkeeper?
It was very hard to rant while accepting a cup of tea.
We matter to God — God only knows why.
The sceptics, like bees, give their one sting and die.
Somehow one can never manage to be an atheist.
I prefer to call it reform. For reform implies form.
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.
80% of the results come from 20% of the effort and time.
Time is wasted because there is so much time available.
No one owes you anything.
In the end, winning is sleeping better. —Jodie Foster.
Comparison is the thief of happiness.
Build a culture of trust.
It is the ability to choose which makes us human.
Wild nights are my glory.
Well, the fifth dimension’s a tesseract.
He seemed to be thinking at him.
Will is based on activity, whim on passivity.
Aliveness always makes a beautiful.
In Literature it is only the wild that attracts us.
Morning brings back the heroic ages.
When you are successful you naturally feel more at home.
That way, the models would be.
Doing new things invariably means obstacles.
The worst is yet to come.
Suddenly he is sighted by a giant phacochoere.
There is a hickey on my forehead!
I have nobody left to whom I can tell the story.
The quiet lines matter as much as the noisy ones.
Without haste, without fear, we conquer the world.
My father once told me love is magic, sir.
Mark you that and noat you wel.
Love me or I will kick you very hard.
Who wills, Can. Who tries, Does. Who loves, Lives.
And so we must arm ourselves with tongues of flame.
Testosterone rots the brain ...
And I kind of love it that you want to know everything.
The things we write, they aren’t always really us.
The dust was deep and crisp and even.
Are you what you believe yourself to be?
I can’t blame them. I would have stared at me, too.
We are only what we know.
Fear hardens caution, but boredom erodes it.
Coupling is frenzy; decoupling is farce.
My heart’s a clubbed baby seal.
Cynicism can blind one to subtler virtues.
Modesty is Vanity’s craftier stepbrother.
Nonfiction that smells like fiction is neither.
Thunder splits the rift where the Sun floods in.
Love’s not just the drug; it’s also the dealer.
Beauty is immune to definition.
...books may speak, but they do not listen.
Today’s the day I either change my life or I don’t.
I recognised love. It forms like a weather pattern.
Sulkers Binge on lonely fantasies.
Why does any martyr cooperate with his judases?
Unmix that conditional and smoke it.
Assent was indignant & universal.
When you win, the rules change, and you find you’ve lost.
Believe nothing till it’s officially denied.
Only the inanimate can be so alive.
Listening to houses breathe makes you feel weightless.
A rocker rose like Poseidon and flexed his knuckles.
Our right to be here is weaker by the minute.
Wrong turns teach us the right way.
Being safe is fiction.
I refused to love it. He was going to sell it too.
Fairy blood does not make you clumsy. That’s human.
Through studying the past we learn our future.
They need you until they don’t need you.
Darkness waits. All things come to the dark.
Shouldn’t death be the relief from the tortures of life?
What is it like to have a dad?
Make of that what you will.
Life isn’t always fun, and is almost never easy.
No whining on the yacht.
Now you’re asking me to explain microwaves to a monkey.
My hallucinations are of the alien mind control variety.
Public opinion is the worst of all opinions.
I have a rule about no material being sacred.
Beauty is the promise of happiness . . .
The madness of writing was the antidote to true madness.
For all contempt turns upon the contemptuous, as it must.
Insight will help you very little.
It is we who are the parasites, and Earth the host.
Poor people knew that all good times had to be paid for.
Family took a lot more than genes to hold it together.
Innovation occurs when ripe seeds fall on fertile ground.
The more you know, the less you need. —YVON CHOUINARD.
Genius had its rewards.
You’re an enemy of art and I pity your ignorance.
But this is life on earth, you can’t have everything.
He always felt better when he could dole out pain alone.
What with one thing and another, three years passed.
Will you draw your sword with your free hand?
Age is a cruel punishment for youth.
Why did it have to be her?
Who in the universe halts when the enemy tells them to?
Your story can change. Overnight.
If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.
Paradise is where I am.
Quantum moments are always benevolent.
It’s never crowded along the extra mile.
Will be thoroughly cleansed of Satan’s minions—apostates.
King die hard, in Shakespeare and in life.
The unity of a great era is generally an illusion.
He was an oddity of some magnitude.
The Filipino houseboy was conscious now.
Grief was not a stream. It was an ocean.
He bolted up. What’s happening? Where’s my pants?
This was raw. This was primal. This was real.
Without love and affection, they lost the will to live.
No one understands the lonely perfection of my dreams.
I’m back! he told Life.
Go out there and love them hard...
People’s judgments about you are none of your business.
You can start wherever you decide to start.
Life was just unbelievably happy.
I do what I do because I like doing it.
So you are industrious, but not original?
Thank heavens we have an earth, or where would we sit?
Unchecked power corrupts.
An enormous force bends all lines into circles.
My father lost me to the Beast at cards.
She walked in technicolor.
But needs must when the devil drives.
Death haunts everyone and never fails.
Islanders too are for sculpting.
A poem needs as well as of content.
Trust is the foundation of real teamwork.
Organizations learn by making decisions, even bad ones.
If something is worth doing, it’s worth doing badly.
We all must pay, but we can choose that for which we pay.
We are happy when we are growing.
When death has a story to tell, you listen.
They were virtuosos of alliteration and didn’t know it.
You are the epitome of normal.
I am haunted by human.
Is it from your cheek that I took the seed?
Nice has nothing to do with me.
It’s chaos out there, and chaos is what we need.
You want the world to be fair, so you pretend it is.
Confirmation bias is seeing the world through a filter.
Behaviors create attitudes.
Bored whites were barbarian whites.
And suddenly she tired of behaving as she ought.
Dont wish upon a star reach for one.
I did so obediently, and waited for her approval.
But you, Pearl, never liked anything once it was yours.
As far as pets go, a cat is a nice on to have.
You have all the passion for life I lack.
To die for ones country, is to live forever.
The heart can see things invisible to the eye.
The best way to protect something is to set it free.
Everything is connected to everything else.
Why waste romance on a love that would never be returned?
Probably is absolutely the best I can do.
A lesson in folly is worth two in wisdom.
Then I remembered about science and... shut up.
Looked upon as misfortunes, which must be.
Raskolnikov sat in silence, listening with disgust.
Bitter is the ascent of Golgotha...
For suffering, Rodion Romanovitch, is a great thing.
Yes, I was kind, brave, and honest then.
Better that you enslave us, but feed us.
The punishment inflicted for these peccadilloes.
I really feel obliged to go to this confounded luncheon.
What you mean to find matters less than what you do find.
Of course. Ask your librarian. Always the right answer.
In truth, true love is all about work.
Threads of power and domination a palimpsest of greed.
A good laugh is as good as a prayer sometimes.
They had a sort of talent for happiness.
Peter was going to die—to DIE.
And there was always the bend in the road!
Chippy, pulling his hand from Rilla’s. Rilla.
Its wonderful to have ambition.
God is in His heaven. All is right in the world.
Fail not in this charge at your peril.
Human memories are short and inaccurate.
By all the laws of probability proteins shouldn’t exist.
I had a hangover you could sell to science.
The cheese stands alone The cheese stands alone.
Hope is a bad survival strategy.
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
The real troubles with living is that living is so banal.
IN THE MIND’S EYE, a fractal is a way of seeing infinity.
Not all evil is final, nor is all suffering needless.
A god in the hand is worth two on Olympus.
A little damage could only be an improvement.
Get off the cross, someone needs the wood!
The ideal was the light; the real, the shadow.
Death, as well as fortune, is rather fond of the brave.
I have a good poker face because I am half dead inside.
Live every minute as if you are late for the last train.
Resentment was the hinge of her personality.
In the slow motion that is the speed of humiliation.
Life wasn’t about becoming, was it? It was about being.
First things were good, last things not so much so.
Keep home in your heart, where no one can steal it.
Tell me this is a nightmare.
The warped perception of time is a hallmark of trauma.
One had to be careful with elbows and boys.
You are my heart. Even if you are a broken heart.
Dinner was a meal where good manners overlaid discomfort.
The truth is the last thing that matters.
My downfall, inevitably, was triggered by food.
Errors once discovered are more than half amended.
When have we required anything of you? Except to survive?
Not everyone can fly by bubble !
Did the world always mete out just deserts?
The flowers you gave me—they died.
Stories can save us.
I hated him for making me stop hating him.
What was done was done.
I like my life as it is.
A lot of people were mistaken about a lot of things.
Things can fool you sometimes.
Hunger makes the best sauce.
Bridges join but they also separate.
And I suppose the saddest thing for me, thinking about.
Time is a boomerang, not an arrow.
I walked into you. The white room is a hospital.
...the bravest act of war is love.
It was not how one lived, but how one chose to die.
We must have that put in Latin—We do what we can—on.
The tears stood in her eyes.
Tell the truth and write the story.
I wait for death with the courage I gained from living.
In fact, something always leads to something else.
Zero Day was here.
Sin can be pleasurable, but it never brings happiness.
Room and refused to return to the table, even.
Drawing of a boy with brown hair and.
Of course the Russians under Zhukov were.
The structure of chaos is not static but dynamic;.
Once you’re wired for distraction, you crave it.
Time investment is the NEW Time Management.
Continents of memory had been lost.
There is an element of control we have over suffering.
Each night passed with a devastating sameness.
Ted, I swear to God, quothe he.
What would you write if you weren’t afraid?
Gene police! You! Out of the pool, now! It’s.
Only debt is forever.
For Whom the Snob Trolls.
Live with nature In the present Above time.
You Can’t Stop the Waves but You Can Learn to Surf.
And always, always, that same toast. Live forever.
The absurd does not liberate; it binds. —ALBERT CAMUS.
It felt adult, sophisticated, slightly alcoholic.
He was about as erotic as an old football coach.
I was as depressed as I have ever been in my life.
This isn’t Twilight. I don’t have to pick a guy.
I look upon the gift of my life as a wondrous journey.
We can rebuild. We can’t resurrect.
They didn’t have to be true to be good.
My kith and kin have long since vanished into time—.
Are you surprised by anything anymore? ~ Artemis Entreri.
Magic is neither good nor evil. It merely is.
Debts of friendship are not debts.
Few things of worth are ever simple. Or easy.’ Tomas.
What is he?’ ‘What would you have him be?
The enemy of our enemy is our ally.
He seemed not to know the uses of silence.
Hold fast to the one noble thing.
Paradise is for those who make Paradise.
Orr slept. He dreamed. There was no rub.
To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest.
It is our suffering that brings us together.
Light is the left hand of darkness.
The moths look like souls in the underworld.
The admirable is inexplicable.
...you play the instrument you have.
Was he leaving home, or going home?
Greed puts out the sun.
Every life has its radiance and beauty.
I want to burn down the distance between us>.
Nobody dreams of the things he already has.
Akthent on thee latht thyllable.
Then, suddenly, almost ecstatically, he felt sleepy.
He calls me Miss Spiritual Tramp of 1948.
Girls. Jesus Christ. They can drive you crazy.
God doesn’t call the qualified. He qualifies the called.
It is not love, but friendship, that truly eludes you.
Every universe, our own included, begins in conversation.
Having words and explanations for things is too modern.
Nothing had ever been so welcome by its absence.
Mythology is usually inseparable from ritual.
Enough of this drama; we have work to do…
Closure isn’t everything it’s cracked up to be.
I decided on moustaches.
Only law firm out there’s called Smith and Wesson.
Even the highest tree has an axe waiting at its foot.
I should spend the money quickly, Commander Bond.
Power is the goal of all ambition.
If you want Neil Gaiman I could draw you a map.
Solitude is a natural place for a writer to be.
After a few fights, you’re afraid a lot less.
Who you are moment to moment is just a story.
You don’t understand any of it, and then you just die.
Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy.
Conditions change and we mutate.
The things you own, end up owning you.
The first step to eternal life is You have to die!!
Give me clarity. Give me reasons. Give me answers. Flash.
May I never be complete.
Give me pity. Flash. Give me another chance. Flash.
It’s exhausting, the energy it takes to unknow a truth.
Nothing is static. Everything is falling apart.
There’s worse ways to be dead than dying.
We all live by different clocks and calendars.
No memory is anything more than a personal choice.
Art never comes from happiness.
Every place is the same place in the dark.
And I used to be such a nice person.
What do the only children do?
You are truly Satan’s sequined spawn.
It was not a curse to fully inhabit your body.
I know because I read.
She is the elephant’s eyebrows.
Yes, sometimes it’s the strangers that sustain you.
It’s a question of what love gives you the right to do.
Nobody can cast themselves out.
Deal with the drops when you can see the ocean. Another.
The story was the price you paid for the rhythm.
All our stores are more or less made up, after all.
We thank you for your childhood.
And we have been told that they may come tonight.
Most lost jobs are outsourced to the past.
Facts themselves do not give knowledge.
You are infinitely precious because you are loved by God.
Embrace the unknown. It is the only certainty.
It’s only a mistake if you don’t learn from it.
I’m short. I have to think tall.
It was a fluke. But then, life is.
She loved exploring every nook and cranny.
The dead can read tears.
Only fear can defeat life.
The holy word is story, and story is the holy word.
And I survived because I made a point of forgetting.
What is the most generous thing to do in this case?
There is beauty in the least beautiful of things.
Anger is the emotion of a lesser person.
Travel was a species of warfare.
Vagueness spurred him into knight errantry.
He was inaccurate because he was sensitive.
They chose to regard it as a miraculous preservation.
The song of the future must transcend creed.
It was the hour of unreality.
Prices are not costs. Prices are what pay for costs.
She IS too fat, said Lavinia. And Sara is too thin.
Laziness in doing stupid things can be a great virtue...
I shall be very deeply interested—in due course.
Takes a donkey to know a donkey.
For you, a thousand times over.
There is a way to be good again.
Sad stories make good books.
Lili lili birdbath sitting on a dirtpath.
Walked about a furlong.
I rather wished for their ruin, than studied to avoid it.
Discoveries happened because they needed to happen. He.
There were these things to do.
He’s not stupid, he’s just not observant.
Moose was a moose. There.
He widened the hole with his finger and looked inside.
It must have been a snapper.
That is control. Whether you want it or understand it.
Yes, there are vampires. Try to keep up.
All are equal in the grave.
Those were big years, big times.
The one who tells the stories rules the world.
Language is nothing but a huge set of false analogies.
Consciousness is the hard problem.
And after winter folweth grene May.
Necessity remains the mother of invention.
The Father’s love does not force itself on the beloved.
Happy! Of all the nonsense.
Outside, a weather of stars ran clear in an ocean sky.
Ignorance is fatal, M. Garrett.
It was a pleasure to burn.
Like a fall of timber he chopped himself to bed.
The girl? She was a time bomb.
Oh, death in space was most humorous.
She wasn’t a feminist. She was an equalist.
The joy of a small town lies in its unchanging nature.
Stop being so proud of mediocrity; show some spirit!
In relationships, the little things are the big things.
Life is a mission and not a career.
I am the creative force of my life.
The children of blame are cynicism and hopelessness.
The work will come again, but childhood won’t.
Dying begins with the first act of life.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
I bet she snaps a mean garter.
The next hour was three hours long.
That sounds like bulshytt!
It was a kind of eleemosynary institution.
One moment of incompetence can be fatal.
Time could be made to serve the mind.
The universe is full of doors.
At the age of fifteen, he had already learned silence.
Grief is the price of victory.
Is consciousness merely a special form of hallucination?
One cannot have a single thing without its opposite.
But, putting on a stillsuit, he put on the desert.
She dressed to look good, and I dressed for obscurity.
Who you are shapes how you are loved.
My mother is a muttonhead.
I do not think, therefore I am a moustache.
Nothing can interrupt it yet all can break it.
But an adventure never returns nor is prolonged.
Love casts out fear, and gratitude can conquer pride.
...I had learned the priceless worth of a pure heart...
Be worthy, love, and love will come.
I wonder if you know just what it means to pious?
Did your husband have to do with your appointment as.
Who can carry The incineration of a Universe? ―.
There is nothing cool about used to be cool.
An ounce of sauce covers a multitude of sins.
A life has to move or it stagnates.
How is it possible to bring order out of memory?
We are slaves to the gods. Whatever gods are.
Repent means the pain again.
What song of death, what dance of Hades shall I do?
LIII. What is the holiness of conversation?
Although a monster Geryon could be charming in company.
I loved him for his beauty.
Red Leader to Red One. Come in Red One!
It was an era when history butted up against mythology.
He sits and waits and hopes that at some.
I thought you said you were okay with turning forty.
I think we — well, I — messed up the story.
As in any war, the truth is the first casualty.
You know, I have a very bad reputation.
Without faith it is impossible to please God.
Why you do what you do matters the most to God.
God’s purpose is not limited by your past.
All that had been was now no more.
Love must be taken on the tide, before it ebbs.
Only I had dry eyes, a dry heart.
Shadows in the house put shadows in the mind.
The world was simply too cruel; how could I survive?
They are beyond each other’s cosmic horizon.
Science is a way of life.
In the afternoon I drank Coke and wrote poetry.
When times are bad, people feel compelled to overeat.
It takes centuries to invent the primitive.
Choice is a subtle form of disease.
It is the neon epic of Saturday night.
When I get real high I can feel the space between sounds.
Is this a mild winter or a harsh winter?
I think we ought to have our intercourse now.
The love of minds should last beyond lives.
The shallower our arguments, the more intense we became.
I want to immerse myself in American magic and dread.
This is the point of Babette.
Miracles share the landscape with death.
I think pleasure is in the moment more than in the thing.
Those who forget the past tend to regret the future.
It was a wonderful time to be alive, or even dead.
The girl who signed her papers in lipstick.
Zen is the spirit of the valley, not the mountaintop.
Maybe magic happens when you let it.
I never saw a wild thing / sorry for itself.
Memories are what you no longer want to remember.
Because everyone loves the Dead Girl.
People behaved mostly well and then they died.
Breath Properly, Stay Curious, and Always Eat Your Beets!
Could a person choose to be or not to be an artist?
Slang just makes people more stupid, that’s all.
It was 843 B.C.. The year the patriarchs won the pennant.
THE SKY IS MORE IMPERSONAL than the sea.
Love is the only thing that interests me.
What did you expect? he murmured. Time passes.
It is life, more than death, which has no limits.
Morality, too, is a question of time.
I came back from the bridge bathed in tears.
We’ve had more enemies than we had soldiers.
The only thing that comes for sure is death.
The oppressiveness of twilight filled the world.
They look at each other endlessly, endlessly.
I find a certain value in lightness.
Wherever there is human nature, there is drama.
Love teaches you humility—patience—understanding.
Power does not willingly give up its place to truth.
I wait with sullen resignation, said Tuf, unmoving.
The opposite of love is evil.
Lucent and delicate, Drama entered, mincing like a cat.
I echo like a mynah, that’s why.
Devoid of life, it was also devoid of the Dead.
I had told the truth, or a version of it, anyway.
Is it really that easy for the innocent to be corrupted?
It seemed like a great adventure, at least at the start.
And no southern jokes, please. Ick.
Then the doctor broke my nose and I cried like a baby.
One father is better than 100 head masters.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Three out of four voices inside my head say go for it.
Off the bed to the left and run for the.
What you mean is, he’s a total asshat.
Things are not always how they seem.
To be good at anything you have to practice.
Whatever happens, I’m glad we ate that bleeping lizard.
I think I could, if I only know how to begin.
Wilderness is an antidote to the war within ourselves.
The scales of equilibrium can be found in wilderness/.
I was just, uh...looking at your bush.
I vow to pick up my socks. Can I get that in writing?
Great events have incalculable results.
Style is the form of the ideal; rhythm is its movement.
He loved books; books are cold but safe friends. In.
Good thoughts have their abysses as well as evil ones.
This humble soul loved, and that was all.
The mind is a garden.
It seems to me that I am shooting a flower.
Blind is he who will not see!
Many mouths which talk, and very few heads which think.
There is M. Geborand purchasing paradise for a sou.
As for wine, he drank water.
The episcopal palace of D—— adjoins the hospital.
It was a garbage heap, and it was Sinai.
Your name is My Brother.
Ignominy thirsts for respect.
The beautiful is just as useful as the useful.
It is nothing to die. It is dreadful not to live.
Misery offers; society accepts.
Evil condoned wears the mask of benevolence.
M. de Salaberry was not amused.
To learn to read is to light a fire;.
Which witch is which?
The reel of your real life unwound only once.
People who want nothing need nothing more than power.
All sharks were born swimming.
Smile for the camera, pretty little Sydney Tar Ponds.
Where would we be without our painful childhoods?
New York City is a phoenix rising from the ashes.
There’s a good reason for everything, ain’t there?
Super 8 film is the language of silence.
New York City is a phoenix rising from the ashes.
A fine power is always heralded by great pain.
The self was both its origins and its journey.
It was a rare thing to be granted one’s heart’s desire.
Thousands of graveyards were parked in rows like cars.
A moment is not the same as time.
Between camaraderie and love there is a broad gulf.
I was as limpid as dammit.
Blandings Castle is not for the weak.
The water as a topic of conversation dried up.
The secret of seeing is to sail on solar wind.
The problem play is a melodrama cleansed of invention.
You aint ready for that.
Watching the flames twist in the wind.
A rich smell of woodsmoke hung over the road.
God speaks in the least of creatures.
They struggled forever in the roads cold coagulate.
You have to carry the fire.
From thinking about your sweet face between my legs.
Did you learn to whisper in a sawmill?
All through the long dusk.
Ever’s a long time.
He spoke into a blackness without depth or dimension.
Tell us where the world went.
There remained a hole drilled through his heart.
Gambling is not a vice, if you can afford to do it.
Fantasy is unconstrained by truth.
…imagination without energy remains inert...
Is soap cool again, or is body wash still the way to go?
The awfulness of love and violets.
Solitude is the playfield of Satan.
The satisfaction of a special Pninian craving.
That was then. This is now.
She had at least the anagram of a good face.
Birth was the death of him.
So one invents obscurities. Rhetoric.
This should all be rewritten in the pluperfect.
These empty days. How do you spend them?
The only sin is selfishness.
Escape is a commodity like anything else.
I’m a magician with no magic, and that’s no one at all.
If a bird flies straight at you, prepare for a bad day.
And here you come.
Silence rolled at me, in waves.
For the widow inhabits a tale not of her own telling.
Did we not—did you not flame, and I catch fire?
Shut off the internal bashing.
It is as if my self is hiding behind an iron door.
We cannot help the way in which people speak of us ...
Thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt be any more.
For Ibsen, gusto forgives almost everything.
Reviewing bad books is bad for the character – WH Auden.
The inventor knows HOW to borrow.
The democratic age mourns the value of human beings.
Lawrence will go on burying his own undertakers.
Shakespeare and his few peers invented all of us.
The way to stay connected to God was through His Word.
Be still and know that I am God.
The truth is, people pick on those who shine.
The thing with life is you get one chance.
Spirit. And it will be that love.
Hatred is the enemy, Hadassah. Not the people.
Nothing can compensate for a lack of authenticity.
Marco Polo dictated his Travels in French.
Without a country, you are the basket of humanity.
For him, Halloween was not All Hallows Eve.
Surprise is the essence of attack!
I may not know who I am, but I know where I am from.
His mouth is full of ecology, his mind is full of fumes.
Maybe we were the Diggers of literature.
Nevertheless, no fictions.
Nothing is lost ... only changed.
Of Jamie. God, how could I do it? Leave him.
Gave me terrible cramps, and I had wind for days.
That Cherry Bounce must be good stuff.
Ute McGillivray looked like a Valkyrie on a starchy diet;.
Dangerous thing, infatuation.
I never know what I feel until it’s too late.
Within the frosted bushes. It was only in.
We are all just canvases for our scars.
You don’t know what you don’t know.
Nothing emboldens sin so much as mercy.
We isolated ourselves, because it hurt less.
A real friend isn’t capable of feeling sorry for you.
It was hard to separate the fact from the fiction...
Having a family means you’re never alone.
We are drawn to horror even as we recoil from it.
Cross your fingers and pray for a miracle.
Do unto others as others have done to you.
You’re nuts, but you’re welcome here.
God bless the world.
I sing about life. I am happy, but life is sad.
Pussyfooting is a vice I have been concerned to avoid.
Now speech had left her; fear took its place.
… human needs are finite, but human greed is not …
Let me have your abyss.
What she’d done for him, because he’d asked.
Welcome to the Information Jungle.
Fear goes where it is invited.
Where there are priests, there is fear of Dust.
Each kiss was nearer to the last one of all.
I have made myself more complicated than I really am.
Was everything an accident of geography?
Nothing is harder than to accept oneself.
Too much faith is the worst ally.
Actually, he had always preferred the unreal to the real.
The jolt of fear had burned all the red out of my blood.
What’s so great about feeling and dreaming?
Wings of a half finished book across his chest.
You only get to keep what you refuse to let go off.
The burning bush must not be consumed.
He said, Let there be light. And there was darkness.
It was the U.S.A., after all, and fear was in the air.
The sky Scorched by the sun.
The word of God surpasses earthly orders.
Love is not for the undepilated.
I met someone who lives in an elevator.
Memory is a rehearsal for a show that never goes on.
Life is fundamentally up for grabs.
Anyone who takes the sure road is as good as dead. It.
Optics would always rule our lives.
Puke green being the official color of the 1970s—.
If He is God, He is still in charge.
How long Lord must I wait? Nevermind child, trust me.
Don’t stop believin’. Hold on to the feelin.
She started three wars the first week.
Abhor that which is evil; Cleave to that which is good.
Appearances and manners often cloak a black soul.
Like it or not, she was going to belong to him.
Exaggeration is the octopus of the English language.
Sometimes a good girl needs to be bad.
Home. I have no idea what that word really means.
I – Beth Risk – did something good.
He who clipped us has kept the scissors.
Nothing flows from her, vile rabble.
Even guppies have their opacities.
It was only a dream. It was only a larval poem. —.
Homelessness is a nationality now.
This bug is something new though. We’ve got the bioprint.
Female artists are biologically confused, said Crake.
The gods often mumble.
Gods always come in handy, they justify almost anything.
Thinking can hurt your chances, and I intend to last.
Ill winds blow far and find a ready welcome.
I was tired of her getting away with being so young.
...most people prefer a past is which nothing smells.
I planted him in this country like a flag.
Disguise is easier when you’re young.
There is nothing more onerous than enforced gratitude.
But remember that forgiveness too is a power.
The doctor tapped my ribs and eavesdropped on my heart.
But compassion takes work, and we were young.
As a species we’re doomed by hope, then?
For so much time, our history was written in bones only.
That made the unfamiliar familiar.
Crying will release the sorrowful thoughts on the mind.
Isn’t he cute? That he thinks he has a sense of humour?
I may hide for a while – but I never run.
Caring too much was a big a part of her nature.
The more you remember, the more you’ve lost.
Being alive is a risk.
She’s come to understand that clothes are armor.
Eyelids are really just flesh curtains.
Love makes you do the wacky.
It was orbital, it was mag, it was beyond the ult.
A cop did better cynical and suspicious.
Cops are good at keeping secrets.
Edison, Oedipus, platypus. Whatever.
Idols always fall, Eve.
Strangers are strange to each other.
Holmes was testing his power to bend the lives of people.
You’ve got yourself a cloned body here, Jim.
You can’t save everyone. It’s not an option.
As long as you’re breathing, your story’s still going.
I lost myself the moment I found you. Roth.
Sorry, luv, all is far in war/.
I lost myself the moment I found you- Roth.
I still love you. I’m still right here with you.
Even locked doors can be unlocked in time.
...you savor the things we seek to avoid.
Invincible ignorance could not be enlightened; and.
Her blush was the color of a coral reef, but smooth.
Inevitably, underlying instabilities begin to appear.
Life will find its way.
Terror can fill any space.
There are no pirates in Port Royal.
It is amazing how everything can fall into a routine.
...readers were born free and ought to remain free.
There is no tomorrow, only a string of todays. Still.
Let us learn things in the time they will take to learn.
What do you mean there is no bathrobe in my suite??!!
In time to come be shaped by the human mind. Asked.
The more I heard, the less I knew.
But reality cannot be ignored; we must grow up.
Entering the phone booth, he did a phone thing.
Christ on the crapper.
Nothing is true.
The audience agreed, Amen.
With him inside the elevator descended.
Nobody is so bad that there is no chance of change.
Steamships insult the dignity of distance.
There’s nothing more perfect than imperfection.
Next time you fall in love, don’t be such a coward?
We are, as we die, who we most were in life...
Fairness does not govern life and death.
I got to keep my promise. I didn’t leave you behind.
Dying is not in synonymous with Useless.
Nonfiction that smells like fiction is neither.
Wrong turns teach us the right way.
To dare a thought is to risk being wrong.
Words, I guess, are her more durable artifacts.
Mothers burning inside the risen suns of their children.
All great works must begin with a sacrifice.
There will be sway.
By a fatal law, a genius is always an idiot.
Seek my heart no longer; the beasts have eaten it.
Nature can counsel nothing but crime.
Comprehending little and caring less.
The worst thing is to be alive for no reason.
The best way out is always through.
True love cannot extend its claims to spouses.
We are trespassing on your hospitality.
For tradition also and always means inhibition.
Soothing silence instead of an oppressive one.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
It’s also important for companies to groom listeners.
Learned to not worry so much about the outcome.
Some of the world’s most talented people are introverts.
Knowledge is useless until it’s coupled with action.
Solve problems, make art, think deeply.
Kids stop learning when they feel emotionally threatened.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. —MAHATMA GANDHI.
Kerrick the weed.
Broken trust was harder to fix than bones.
Dead air surrounded me. My magic was gone.
Valek would get more from me than a smile.
As far as threats went, Yelena couldn’t be outdone.
Belief and disbelief were the same creature within me.
That’s not how the system works.
The darkest prisons were those of the mind.
Life—and that of her child.
Merry Christmas. His would be without the Merry for sure.
Be so completely trusting.
I’m late, she told him.
Christmas is a condition of the heart.
Hold that for me.
I’ve always loved catching snow on my eyelashes.
Do not stalk your prey until you are sure it is prey.
You must learn … to see what you are looking at.
What are those? he asked.
Hoped that the extra padding of his shirt would protect.
I swear, the cats did know me. They came without pause.
A thousand years without a bath.
Along with our responses to them, determine.
A dwarf on a giant’s shoulders sees farther of the two.
Love was a kind of grief.
I am an agnostic respecter of religion.
Never speak of marriage as an achievement.
For me, feminism is always contextual.
Memories do not hurt, they only influence.
Their electronics are still back in the Stone Age.
Rationalize that as something else.
It’s not a god he worships, it’s the devil.
It’s not the way we do it on planet Earth, certainly.
All that is of dragons belongs only to dragons.
He gave a final shake of his coat. I go to the hunt!
For time is the great enslaver of us all.
Bee. Nothing happens to you. You happen to everything.
Not every problem in the world belongs to you.
The fight isn’t over until you’ve won.
If it was raining soup, you’d be out there with a fork.
Love can exist without need.
He has had his wish. He will not bow his head.
I was sick of strife, and weary of being wary.
As you will, King Fitz.
How could the whole world not be as broken as I was?
Fitz!’ Motley greeted me. ‘Hello, stupid!’ she added. The.
We were one thing. Whole.
I had no idea what to do with this unexpected life.
As to the Dutch, he despised them. For that.
Landed on my chest and stuck its proboscis.
They should kick it old school with the Bard.>.
Trees are always the cure for your modern bollocks.
Didn’t deserve that kind of trauma. He was so tiny.>.
Oi! Pay first, then run away screaming if you want!
Yes, Manda. You’re becoming a good detective.
I still think Barty must be a crook.
Kendall’s eyes lit up. You have no idea, Noreen. He.
Mr. Drew and his wife.
Lefèvre! I’ll bet they’re one and the.
The officer said No and his mother was frantic.
All input is evil, until proven otherwise.
His only cause, ultimately, was himself.
There is no failure—just a big field to wander in.
Dreams can range from the meaningless to the prophetic.
If I could choose I would rather be happy than write.
There is no control over memory.
I hope that gay gentleman will be safe.
Now here I am, seventeen with a bullet.
My future was about to happen.
So much of motherhood is acting.
Stories are a different kind of true.
Better to drown in the surf than stand idly on the shore.
There’s no point in drinking if no one’s watching.
If anybody didn’t have a Messiah complex, it was Jesus.
Holism is when two plus two equals infinity.
Doctrine is a wonderful servant and a horrible master.
Mrs. Thornton; the only mother he has, I believe.
I think I will never sit down to play again!
All bankers assume your money is theirs to play with.
A very loud group of bronies advances down the hall.
The world lies all before us.
There’s no skill and no grace to it, but you.
Not even God can change the past.
We read to understand, or to begin to understand.
But who shall be the master? The writer or the reader?
To obtain the gift of holiness is the work of a life.
It was to have been a quiet evening at home.
She trudged along, dutiful as a naughty child.
The rain had washed the sunset time to a lambent beauty.
The breakfast was rather silent, but not with strain.
For once her new placidity was impaired.
She went inside and watched him walk back toward sixteen.
Ask for two, and they give you the third free.
Anxious little smile that came and went—a mendicant.
Terrific, Simon said. The psychos are on my side.
I actually had to close my eyes, rub them.
I can only be as happy as my saddest child. Do.
We know that everything in our lives is complex and gray.
Grief can be inordinately selfish.
Too often, show muscles meant useless muscles.
One’s sense of mortality is a great source of wisdom.
Only those who seek shall find.
When the student is ready, the teacher appears.
Good people strengthen themselves ceaselessly. Confucius.
To transcend pain, you must first experience it.
Today, and this very moment, is a gift.
The Law works in the most mysterious of ways.
We are always getting ready to live, but never living.
Blaming others is nothing more than excusing yourself.
Even the Teachers Have Teachers.
The rest will take care of itself.
Act in a way that is congruent with your true character.
Your I can is more important than your I.Q.
Sunshine was a gift from Heaven.
For the first few days, you will feel very tired.
Cut back on the amount of red meat that you eat.
Take in more oxygen through efficient breathing.
I couldn’t even eat a hot dog without getting sick.
Second ritual. This is the Ritual of Physicality.
Ten ancient yet supremely effective rituals.
Watch the sun rise every few days.
Spend more time with your kids.
Ninth Ritual of Radiant Living quite nicely.
The better the sleep, the less I will need.
The surface of your thoughts is your character.
The words you use determine the way you feel. The.
Mind management is the essence of life management.
Failure is nothing more than learning how to win.
Fix your course to a star and you can navigate any storm.
Respect, honor and cherish the differences;.
Your I CAN is more important than your IQ.
Balance making it happen with letting it happen.
Life favors the devoted.
The real risk lies in riskless living.
What is forgiveness worth without trust?
Elegance is really a kind of control.
No more circuses.
There were always children, Miss.
There, there, there.
She’s not your friend. She’s a barmaid.
A phallus thick with desire, rising from a dark thatch.
You can’t get lost if you have nowhere to be.
You cannot let the darkness overcome the light.
Daughters. They could cut you with a look.
Never figured out what sort of animal I was.
I spoke to Sylvia. Do you think this is a good life?
From deep contentment comes the courage to achieve.
Hope for the best, plan for the worst.
I’d rather be hopeful and wrong than jaded and right.
Magic was the cheat codes for the universe.
Based on what the wind does, we build.
Trying is just a noisy way of not doing something.
We respond to healing grace by giving it away.
We pray because we can’t help it. The.
He was not talking with US, but with his IMAGE of us.
Discipline is what makes an army—and civilization.
She was tired, her back was aching, and her life was.
Was this rock bottom? Had he finally hit it?
What if everything she most dreaded was happening now?
Once a Pot Noodler, always a Pot Noodler.
The practice does lose its charm if overused—.
Get Mom to stop hanging bras on bedroom doorknob.
Then I watched his eyebrows go up. Way up.
We are blind to our blindness.
Conventional wisdom dies hard.
I never imagined I would lose him, she thought. Never.
God works in mysterious ways, he thought with a sign.
I was at his house.
And who does not want their love authenticated?
The one thing that is very good in life today is death.
Heroes become traitors, traitors become martyrs.
Fearless to the strong; humble to the weak.
Little touches can make a big difference.
Am I the same person that I dream about?
Events are shaped by history rather than vice versa.
It is the customer who determines what a business is.
God, Smith just as surely defenestrated Leviathan.
Life adapted to the laws of physics, not vice versa.
Most aid is delivered by governments to governments.
Une with diffraction, just as if we let a thousand.
But when a tree speaks to one, what is one to do? On.
I wanted to be alone, not forgotten.
The very moment you are caught, there is always a chance.
Actually, Paris wakes up when it comes time for aperitif.
We’re more than what we do.
All evidence of the house ghost reasserting herself.
Genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains. The.
Love is the highest and best use of a life.
Jahno asked with a stymied scholar’s anguish.
What is fear, but courage’s shadow?
A storyteller’s tale may end, but history goes on always.
In the desert we say Make haste slowly.
But oh, by all the fallen stars, it hurt!
The world began in ending, and it will end in beginning.
That which yields, is not always weak.
Their consciousness was rudimentary.
Pol knew, said Sophos from the window.
Costis, what do you think you are doing?
We should torture language to tell the truth.
Ad majorem Dei gloriam—to the greater glory of God.
Corollaries—where have I seen his face, don’t I know that.
History is story, too.
There were forest depths in her eyes, green and unending.
Nothing real can be threatened. Nothing unreal exists.
His correction of our perception is called the Atonement.
By affirming that love is our priority in a situation.
The Advanced Level is Mastery of the Basics.
It is in his absence I prosper.
The wounds of this ruptured nation lie open and ugly.
There but for the grace of serotonin go the rest of us.
Over the phone, her laughter sounded like a warm bath.
Her every possession was either unbreakable, or broken.
My heart had grown older, with more in it to break.
The longer the sauce cooks, the spicier it gets.
There will never be another Frida.
...That Great Cocktail Cabinet in the Sky...
Weird doesn’t equal morally bankrupt.
Oh, you were the dessert. The Rattrays were the meal.
Even witches sing the blues.
With green beans and rice.
Suddenly the blood tasted good, salty, the stuff of life.
No threatening the cat! Mr. Snuggly said.
Semper Vigilo – that’s our motto,’ Rebus said.
Muted ‘thanks’ as the person moved away. ‘It.
We’re ready for the off, then.
All eyes turned towards him, entered the.
Diplomacy. A dance of shadows in the darkness.
One should always be defended against reality.
For what is more lovable than failure?
It was decided to leave her where she lay. She lies there.
Summer glory had taken over the city and.
Before he followed her, Hank rushed to the back and.
Some thoughts you shouldn’t let out of their cage.
I would have made a very crappy book heroine.
Once bitten, totally smitten.
Him and peer over the titles on.
Aegle was suffering some mortal bug.
Rain and I have routines. We like routines.
You never win an argument until they attack your person.
Much of modern life is preventable chronic stress injury.
Light control works; close control leads to overreaction.
Luck favors the prepared, Pasteur.
Love without sacrifice is like theft.
Cocksure prophet. Where I beg to differ with the great.
Is often a good career move for an author.
Science is about how not to be a sucker.
I can find confirmation for just about anything, the.
Perception of causation has a biological foundation.
Content is a great fortifier of good looks.
...nothing that crawls the earth is for my sport.
I was a computer guy with an expensive dream.
But ease isn’t the goal; excellence is.
Who said that? asked Sir Grummore.
Any one war seems rooted in its antecedents.
Love transcends all evil.
Redemption, when guilt leads to good Pat Conroy.
Doubt was a debilitating, frightening thing.
The thumbs have been pricked, at least proverbially.
People fear what they don’t understand.
Rising tides lift all boats.
Life was a smorgasbord!
As Morpheus would say, quit trying to hit me and hit me.
Of course I have a sly plan. I am a Merit, after all.
Cook with butter in the North, olive oil in the South.
Jack Kilborn, author of Trapped, Afraid, and Endurance.
Stu, where you at? Up here in the library. You hurt?
Sorry. The shard clinked.
The worst moments of your life you never see coming.
Between safety and adventure I choose adventure.
There is nothing that makes the unbearable bearable.
Begin to weave and God will provide the thread.
Fear is not God’s will for you.
Jesus did not worry, and we do not have to worry either!
Because of what Jesus has done, I love and accept myself.
I will say positive, hopeful things no matter how I feel.
Leaders are not born; I believe they are made.
Are we dealing with doubt or with unbelief? D.
But bears it out, even to the edge of doom...
I married the person who understood my heart &.
One cannot love with the eyes alone.
What the eyes do not see can never pain the heart.
The future is never fair. Just inevitable.
Nothing’s worth anything unless somebody wants it.
Oh well. Better out than in.
One just had to be content with what had happened so far.
The price of security is insecurity. Dr. Jay Harris.
On Sunday, something washed up on shore.
A bundle of sticks is stronger than any single stick.
No one can make you feel inferior Without your help.
Open your ears to wisdom, your eyes to truth.
Be tired at the end of every day From doing a lot of work.
The first rule of war is to know when you’re in one.
She was too exhausted to live.
Now, Megan, we can’t pick on whoever abstained.
He’s an odd duck but he’s a good kid, with a good heart.
Life was too short, no matter how long you lived.
God does not give us more than we can handle.
We were always every age we had ever been.
I will love you with everything I am and all that I have…
But then this one time, at band camp.
The past is safe because it is indelible.
Sometimes the fact that you were forced to be strong.
He had to look.
Archway and hit the light switch for the.
She nodded. And dematerialized right out of his hand.
So where does the cumberbatch go? As.
I had her all over my face. It was fantastic.
Axe…I think I’m falling in love with you. —.
Not his circus, not his monkeys.
The more he gives me, the more I want.
For that pent‑up ambition.
It is impossible to examine questions we refuse to ask.
Before one can learn truth, one must unlearn lies.
There must only be two, No more and no less.
Evil is a word used by the ignorant and the weak.
There is none so blind as he who will not see.
Any odds are good odds for the damned.
No courage is needed if there is no fear, after all.
Home had always been a place to dream of.
It is stronge how smells can bring back vivid memories.
Constance had joined him at the breakfast.
Tonight seems eons away, but there are these moments.
You just have not...oh, learned who yo are yet.
But I was a dreamer, you see, not a weakling.
The future would take care of itself.
There is no kindness in money.
Out there houses are rare as rocking horse turds.
Trust the tale, not the teller.
Nothing is so much to be regretted as the universe.
And it was there. It will always be there for you now.
And the righteous cowed and the evil grew bold.
The female memory defies explanation.
Was, while inarguably patriotic, almost.
Was cheaper in the long run to go first class.
Great escape read, yet always come back again and again.
Poor people have poor habits.
You become what you study.
Having no money should not be an excuse to not learn.
You can always quit. So why quit now? That.
Silent. This was.
Did you finish the key? I asked him.
The happier people become the more I noticed my sadness.
Much privilege leads to bad manners.
Sometimes stories are just previews of coming truths.
I can be nice on occasion, Mike said.
Next to coffee, chocolate was her favorite aroma.
The fruit fly has roughly 150,000 neurons in the brain.
We are now entering a new golden age of neuroscience.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Will we no longer be the most intelligent being on earth.
I will not be what I was made, but what I make.
Push from your armpit, rather than your shoulder.
Eternity is the opposite of a long time.
Yes, if you believed in words, if you lived by words.
So, where to, Kitty Foyle?
Olmecs had worked out the principle of the wheel.
Egyptian Book of the Dead, it had been given to him by.
Maybe people are younger when they sleep.
He didn’t seem like the sharpest tool in the shed.
The girl with the pictures on her skin.
Love, a promise delivered already broken.
Who else sat on a wet rock, naked, reading ancient Greek?
COURTHOUSES WERE THEIR own special kind of madness.
D. D. Warren knew from experience.
What is honour? A word. What is in that word honour?
No. Or an arm? No. Or take away the grief of a wound?
The less you see, the more you can imagine.
Let Stone be your God and you will find God in the Stone.
...anxiety was, for her, a form of prayer.
...it is a dreadfull thing to look down Praecipices.
Never be curious. It is the path to perdition.
There is something about uncleanness that asks for blood.
Worriers are visionaries minus the optimism.
Friendships are broken all the time. So are hearts.
Only animals should have to pee in the woods.
Neurons that fire together, wire together.
Sad White Babies with Mean Feminist Mommies.
Fortune favors the bold.
Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.
May your first word be adventure and last word love.
There is no such thing as an involuntary sin.
God loves us more than we love Him.
Virtue is indeed teachable.
He suffers terribly all the time. He lives in fire.
Sometimes one feels suddenly doomed by fate.
The unspoken words trembled in the air.
Sometimes I feel I am crammed with demons.
Only stories and magic really endure.
Anywhere is dangerous if you carry danger with you.
Nothing will bring me peace except revenge.
But thinking about wickedness usually just comforts.
If only he could be loved by somebody new.
How absolute the knave is!
She has somehow missed the bus of life.
I have no close friends, that is, no friends.
We may love our chains and our stripes too.
All six of them a license. That.
You got to ask a street question to get a street answer.
Slowly, You care too much, Will. Do not let His Grace.
Evil to him who evil thinks,....
Even almost bad poetry is better than life.
Other people’s condiments are depressing.
Find my weak points, but more importantly, find yours.
Obtuseness was its own defense.
I love you. I will never stop loving you.
I preferred that my bad dreams be vague.
Our faith was a flickering flame.
Good things can be created from bad.
To forgive your mother opens and heals your heart.
A fool is someone who ignores warning signs.
Emotions to surface now.
Forever is too long to live in fear.
A big thing can be simply the sum of small things.
You cry, you get angry, then you do something about it.
What in Tink’s knickers do you think you’re doing!
Everything was going too well. Something had to be wrong.
Hope died hard, and the lie was easier to bear.
This was weird, civilized.
Jenks’s wings tickled my neck, and I shivered.
Oh yeah. We were all having fun now.
I can’t do easy anymore. It’s too hard on my soul.
Nothing is so hard that it can’t be found by searching.
It had made me strong, but it had left me flawed.
Her coat to.
Day sleeper. solicitors will be eaten.
Knowing your limits is a strength, not a weakness.
She flipped a coin.
Geography bends to the dictate of will.
...hurting was better than dying.
I am haunted by waters.
Children are excellent judges of character, you know.
I’m best in small doses, believe me.
What we need is here. —Wendell Berry.
He will be sure to give us rest soon.
You’re not a monster. You’re a mirror.
The buoyancy of chiliasts.
The social question is back on the agenda.
Lord Our God Your Grace is a purifying fire.
And in it all, where did the truth end and error begin?
The molluscs, the crustaceans and le fishes.
Better have two strings to one’s bow than none at all!
It is never worth while to do anything by halves.
Being human totally sucks most of the time.
The farther I went, the more confident I became.
Going outside is highly overrated.
Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall!
There is no substitute for an understanding mind.
I shall have to believe even though I cannot understand.
It is a strange tale and utterly Barsoomian.
So glorious does love transfigure its object~Tarzan.
For an instant I was dumbfounded.
Why does The Sheik, my father, not love me, too?
Why, I never did believe it.
The countless unnamed jewels of Mars.
We’re all of us equally naked before the jaws of pain.
There is no spoon.
I know what it’s like to lose it.
I know. It makes my head hurt too.
The building was on fire, and it wasn’t my fault. My.
Time to start doing, I whispered.
I’ll be patient, I said. But not forever.
The council is old school. Really, really old school.
You are the help. We’re in trouble, I said.
Better the enemy you know than the enemy you don’t.
And sometimes you are what’s coming around.
A lot can change in a year.
Paranoid? Probably. But just because you.
Nice father figure. Him and Bill Cosby.
My pledge of honor upon it.
It’s what you do with the want that matters.
Life is unfair, uncaring, and painful.
Light shines brightest in the deepest dark!
Nipple erection on command—now that’s method acting. Oh.
Being mostly dead is hard on a guy.
Knowledge counters fear. It always has.
Purple is my favorite color that isn’t black, and.
You always a wiseass? No. Sometimes I’m asleep. He.
Choosing beliefs freely is not what rational minds do.
Meet me at the moon.
Time is measured in meaning.
Put a cat to watch a flock and the wolves eat well.
Everyone looks old to the young, Ravn said.
Skin the colour of chestnuts.
But there is no easy way to mourn a child.
How he had done so she never.
Love is where you find it.
A little mucus is nothing against the power of the Lord.
Know what I like about mysteries? They’re mysterious.
Like love, privacy is most manifest in its absence.
But, she smiled, it seems to me he has a warm heart.
This Plantagenet king comes from the devil.
Society will judge you rather harshly, my dear. She.
Winter? She traced a circle on his breastbone, her touch.
Does imagination or joy come with limits?
But hope always kindles through striving.
The resolution of the great West Gate Prophecy.
Sam Haversford. You had a crush on him.
Somewhere, a bird sang a song that ached.
Have you kissed a guy yet? I blushed. No. Before.
The repressions of the passionate drive them mad.
And Sylvia Tietjens wavered into the room.
A world profits by the example of a steadfast nation….
Stupidity’s the deliberate cultivation of ignorance.
You and I doctor, on the beach.
In this world, God must serve the Devil.
My soul is the gods’; my heart is yours.
An aimless joy is a pure joy, I said, quoting Yeats.
Nothing is more frightening then a fear you cannot name.
Perhaps the story now goes on beyond the book.
Sometimes the price of dreams is achieving them.
Uncertainty is more contagious than the plague. Cesare.
The art is not one of forgetting but letting go.
Wealth is not the same as income.
In love and mating, ambience is central.
Bob Woodward, this is Steve Thomas.
In uncertainty lies the seed of wanting.
But the one I cannot, and the other I will not do.
Pope Joan was an excellent read.
For dreams that never die.
Where did they go, those things we did?
So this was what it was like not to be me.
Their prayer was rage.
Hannah set down her paperwork. That’s complete bullshit.
Larvae can consume an entire human body in a week.
Love could turn vicious instantly.
Never trust originality.
The book is like the spoon, scissors, the hammer.
We live by faith. We love by faith.
Faith unchallenged ordinarily remains unchanged.
The greatest enemy of learning is knowing.
The Courage to Teach.
A mistake is simply another way of doing things.
When talented teams don’t win, examine the leadership.
Opportunity is in the eye of the beholder.
Success is achieved in inches, not miles.
Individuals play the game, but teams win championships.
Leadership is really more art than science.
The strength of the team is impacted by its weakest link.
Winning teams have players who make things happen.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
Where motion ceases, the Master said, God begins.
The rewards are worth far more than the risks.
Was it still paranoia if all his fears were justified?
Hesitation is a half way to death.
Any landing you could walk away from was a good landing.
Marry him. We need college money.
He owned their souls. They thought he was God. When.
Does ice float?
Why? Is the sight of my legs disturbing you, Derek?
He’s my fiancé, I told her. We are living in sin.
Losers react, leaders anticipate.
Most people will choose unhappiness over uncertainty.
Happiness is a choice you make and a skill you develop.
It’s always the hard part that creates value.
Love, be loved, and never stop learning—.
Stop wishing and start doing.
There is just less competition for bigger goals.
The opposite of play isn’t work. It’s depression.
What would this look like if it were easy?
The lines of love cross time and space.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
He’s nothing but a deformed emanation of energy.
A society whose members are helpless need idols.
The experience of separateness arouses anxiety;.
Love. No matter where I start, I always end up here.
But neither of them seemed.
Time she decorated the nursery in neutral.
Life and death; A Gift of Hope, a memoir.
Seemed silly to Faith. And offensive.
Hang in. We’ll make it. We all have each other.
Followed her outside, deeply moved.
Anything interesting to save my life, just.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may.
The with forbidden the death of warriors.
Stoicism as the ideal personal operating system.
You can only see this if you want to see it.
When action is our priority, vanity falls away.
To create something is a daring, beautiful act. The.
Don’t just want fuel. You need it. You can’t go.
No one said life was easy. No one said it would be fair.
She’s gone, he answered.
Now the birds & trees & the moroccan kitties are my muse.
Melrose, smiling brightly at the butcher.
Macalvie, that was an incredibly lachrymose question.
And how’s that? You a manager at McDonalds?
At a certain stage every single thing can be a sign.
Love is recreational, it needs not be aspirational.
I regret having been the bearer of ambiguous tidings.
Face Lady Schrapnell. And I promised I’d help.
Time is the fire in which we burn. —Delmore Schwartz.
It cannot rain but it pours. —JONATHAN SWIFT Oh.
My excellence confused them.
He resented my worldview rather actively.
The images of things are not the things in themselves.
The experience of experience is untransmittable.
Ridicule was a better defense than truth.
Who wills, Can. Who tries, Does. Who loves, Lives.
If wisdom was easy any fool would be able to do it.
Every reality that we can make begins with a dream.
Please forgive me for thinking faith means certainty.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
All defectors have a complex relationship with truth.
One cannot cross the same river twice.
Some magic is normality you’re not yet used to.
Nothing exists that cannot be synthesised.
The world runs on strangers coping.
Bad things happen to realists.
So you’re a sort of archivist for the future.
Magic is merely normality that you’re not yet used to.
Are you mad? Always a trickier question than it looks.
Dappled sunshine shivers.
Such inbred, bovine torpor!
His skin’s so tanned he could be Turkish or something.
The wisdom of skin is underappreciated.
My spine still works. That’s always useful.
Flamelight danced with shadows round them unloved walls.
I do not break my Sabbath fast in a whorehouse.
Bagpipes and electric guitars usually end in tears.
Our truth is terrorsome cold.
Despair is as attractive as cold sores.
Humor is the ovum of dissent.
It’s a small world. It keeps recrossing itself. 59.
Us elderly are the modern lepers.
The minutes jog up the down escalator.
They stand still as the world eddies about them.
Or else rip out the odd pages and leave me the even.
Started a drip to keep the water flowing through.
God, save me from your followers.
I have been loved, Edward told the stars.
The story of an unlikely hero.
Stall! Delay! Obfuscate! Let’s, said Flora.
He allowed his brother to lead him to his fate.
Real life. The greatest interactive fiction of them all.
Somebody once called the media the merchants of chaos.
There is no end of things in the heart.
Darkness waits. But it comes no matter what you do.
About seven months ago. Now we have these guys.
Called Hector Villabona and confirmed that.
And when they were finally naked they moved.
Was working the cold up.
What mortal creations are language and memory!
I’m in the Toad Pee Club!
Judy Moody did not want to give up summer. She.
Fair! You guys had.
My empire is of the imagination.
Although the truth is, I’m not quite sure how I feel.
There is emotion, and then there is what you do about it.
Vatican Palace…because in Venturi’s words, ‘Less is.
I’m rich in interpretation and poor in datasets.
History was drenched in blood.
Mark Watney, out of Mars.
Shift in language is shift in consciousness, yeah, Josep.
What had been inexplicable became inevitable.
He was in ruins, but it was okay, because he was dying.
Ferns can be very aggressive, Prax said.
You never ask for permission, you just apologize later.
Reputation never has very much to do with reality.
And the Mark Watney, out of Mars.
Writer or a musician, not knowing that it was possible.
They’ll pull the trigger and tell the hammer to hurry.
Journeys are the midwives of thought.
A monster is someone who’s being monstered.
You see people truly when they enjoy the most.
Nothing consoles like the blues.
The truth is always a surprise.
We coexisted in a state of mutual detachment.
My guess is, six of one, half a dozen of the other. Crows.
Nothing ever seems so good as what one keeps to oneself.
Everything that passes unattempted is impossible. At.
Soon Covenant was lost again; the complexities of the.
Disappointed when I pulled the plug.
What you do and what you are is what matters.
Who guards the guardians?
None is absolutely true.
One cannot step twice into the same river.
The uneducated grow up to be prey!
Best place to hide was in a crowd.
To fool somebody else, you have to fool yourself first.
Power of the Holy Spirit is superabundant.
The world of evil is only as evil as we allow it to be.
Live long enough to.
After the pain, the pleasure.
We just thought of old age as some sort of clown routine.
If you can’t take a joke, you shouldn’t have joined.
Every relationship was a world unto itself.
If there is no love, what then?2.
There was never a good knife made of bad steel.
There was no such thing as the Scientific Revolution.
What drove me?
Interviews with Steve Jobs.
Thus isolated, he became known for his brashness.
So I asked him to go on the night shift. It was a way.
Others wanted to let Jobs go, but Bushnell worked.
Was supposed to have a.
Jobs barked at him.
He never really cared too much about mechanical things.
The job of art is to chase ugliness away.
Jobs pointed out as we walked in front of his old house.
Fish and guests stink after three days.
People who were not crushed ended up being stronger.
Stories are nations, empires.
Why is a worm so effective? Because it is always moving.
I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse.
Revenge is a dish that tastes best when it is cold.
Anybody. She uses her body like I use the loose.
Life is so beautiful.
We hope someday to be saints, but not martyrs.
This country has been good to me.
The meeting would be safe as a wedding.
Who the heck is dorothy gale?
Babe was candy.
Aaron would not come out aaron entered into agony.
The Serpent, to my interpretation, was pain.
I have loved you for several hours now.
It waits till we’re weak before it reveals its strength.
Another death. The more I see, the less I know.
It’s been a complicated decade for me. She.
Table of Contents.
The darkness keeps its own counsel.
Faith dissolves fear and makes us courageous.
Pray without ceasing.
Show me what to do, Lord, and help me to do it.
Beautiful thoughts build a beautiful soul.
Release the need for the attention of others.
Whatever you believe, you will find that you are correct.
You’ll only give away what you have in your heart, and.
There are no wrong roads to anywhere.
No one can make us upset without our consent.
Connoisseurs of geologic form.
My life was falling apart. But somehow I stuck it out.
Dark red stain on the floor that couldn’t be anything.
Grudging praise is the most flattering of all.
The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
She couldn’t stop herself from grinning back at.
Good writers are good readers.
At least ten writing sessions.
Grinned. If I’m driving, we can.
Living with purpose was hard.
There’s a fine line between criminality and genius.
Streets with no signs.
The impossible always takes a little longer.
Close’ only counts in horseshoe games and fireball spells.
Read three or four books at a time to avoid tedium—and.
I feel his lack of love for me.
A smile, a weird one, nestled in his mouth like an egg.
Always reflect that soon you will be no one, and nowhere.
That just seems to be the way we’re built.
After all, he says, beauty attracts beauty.
She did not need a library; she was a library.
All the good ideas seem daunting at first.
All the good ideas feel daunting at first.
Do whatever brings you to life, then.
The hardest part of your life is behind you now.
But it was pure, this love that I was feeling.
Benevolent throne set someplace high up on the moon.
I believe in a magnificent God.
Devotion is diligence without assurance.
Her cheeks a slight Asian red;.
You deserve them because you chose them.
Wanted is a good action book.
My meeting with my alimentatore was at noon.
He could not write what he wanted, but what he had to.
It was a sensitive and musical dog.
The touch of her hand filled me with a wild loneliness.
...a great future behind him, already.
The Tale of Peter Rabbit Table of Contents.
Stop making the perfect enemy of the good.
The enemy of accountability is ambiguity.
No quality or characteristic is more important than trust.
Being asleep is a great way to avoid being critical.
It’s easier to keep up than to catch up...
Flawed can be more perfect than perfection.
Day three days a week for six weeks.
The opposite of happiness is unhappiness, not depression.
Don’t let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Use counters for activities, not for storage.
She now felt an incessant and universal numbness.
I feel torn to pieces by a rage of love.
He loved her more than Michelangelo.
Crossword? he would ask.
I walk out into the foyer. It’s caked in sunshine.
She had her whole death ahead of her.
Nothing affects you, and you affect nothing.
She would later write in the basement.
I am haunted by humans.
Just remember that the enemy here is not in front of you.
She waited for the suffocation of sleep.
Sometimes when life robs you, you have to rob it back.
The moon was sewn into the sky that night.
You see? Even death has a heart.
HERE IS A SMALL FACT You are going to die.
A committee is an animal with four back legs. But.
He hated to be alone, but people bored him.
You, too, are unaware of how unaware you are.
Reality is for those who cannot face their dream.
I can see ghosts.
Failure makes the success worth it.
Everyone has wounds; everyone pretends they don’t.
Family is never really gone.
But how can I be disappointed in space?
If I possessed the world, you should have it also.
No crisis can break through the crust of habit.
Boredom is a pleasing antidote to fear.
She laughed because she must, and because he made her;.
Resignation brings its own reward.
The Guardians perceived cycles, not finality.
I do not know what will be the end of it.
With golden giftes and many a guilefull word.
In a weak moment I have written a book...
Beloved, she whispered, I am coming home to you.
If only he hadn’t gone out with the Klan!
Dearest one, do you remember When we last did meet?
The strongest bonds are of the heart.
Find some beauty along the way.
His life as he knew it was over.
Point it out, she muttered.
It applies to all species without distinction.
Diversity, not uniformity, is what works.
WHAT you DO NOT KNOW YOURSELF, you CANNOT TEACH ANOTHER.
Only slaves love being powerful. HANS ERICH NOSSACK.
Nobody succeeds without failing first.
I hope you find the path that I missed.
Nothing keeps memory more alive than resentment.
It was a smart move.
Naturally, we lunatics are the kindest of the bunch.
Jimi & and me.
Imagination without skill gives us contemporary art.
Everything seems stupid when it fails.
Suffering, too, is a good thing. Suffer!
Paradise ... lies hidden within all of us ... .
The Brothers Karamazov is a joyful book.
Congratulated or saved?
Life had stepped into the place of theory.
Don’t quarrel with your bread and butter. They.
Beautiful and sublime.
Absurdity of absurdities.
I know the ways of the Mafia.
Back then, Manhattan was the infant country.
Time is aboriginal eternal.
Up the Faraway Tree.
Julian were soaked.
When God says no, He is saying, ‘Don’t hurt yourself.
There is nothing but meetings and partings in this world.
That water looks as if it was smiling at me.
Everybody is a little insane on some points.
Remember it is harder still To have no work to do.
That Gilbert of yours is a darling, Anne.
Chapter 15 A Tempest in the School Teapot.
Still Anne said nothing, several times over.
I’m so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.
I will keep faith, Walter.
It’s so easy to be wicked without knowing it, isn’t it?
The best of it all was the coming home.
Life, in short, just wants to be.
He left to do whatever editors do.
All you have to do is forgive.
Dr. Gordon S. Seagrave, the famous Burma Surgeon.
The world should listen then, as I am listening now.
People love different people in different ways.
I was often allowed to watch them drink their cocktails.
We go down the hall again, thank heaven, to my drink.
Nothing ever goes away.
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR THE BEST.
The best of what we are lies in what we hope to be.
I try not to speak more clearly than I think.
The highest form of musicality in the sphere of thought.
Science grew out of the craft tradition.
Objected to as incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial.
...only extroverts cry twice..
...moments one knows only death will obliterate.
What you do blurs over what you did before.
Come clean Charles, come clean.
The height the dupe has fallen is measured by his anger.
Rumors have flourished in worse soil than this.
Being flippant was harder work than being earnest.
Maths was the one true thing, according to Nancy.
The past is what you take with you.
Stu asked me to marry him.
When we were girls we rode horses disguised as bicycles.
You are not dead, but you are not alive.
I am an iceberg drifting towards the edge of the map.
Love messes you up and makes you do strange things.
You are my joy. You are worth tens of thousands.
If it has to be done at all, it must be done with grace.
Much commented on. I have three new hoods to match, which.
In the mind.
Love is the hardest thing in the world.
We must consult our means rather than our wishes.36.
Public infamy must restrain what the laws cannot.
Radical Homemakers, Shannon Hayes describes.
That might just mean that I had nothing better to do.
We always have choices. Isn’t that what Dante teaches us?
Sometimes you just have to bury the dead and move on.
Who you are is less important than what you seem.
My Lord Bacon, in his.
Oh, the accident necessary to fiction!
Ravens aren’t usually nocturnal, but hunger can be.
History is a long time in the making.
Everything changes you, and you change everything.
A little bird told me, said the Lion.
Stanley was still digging.
The bad stuff always rose to the top of the brain.
What they carried varied by mission.
Stories are for joining the past to the future.
Can a word stop your heart as surely as arsenic?
Twenty years. A lot like yesterday, a lot like never.
Zapped while zipping.
God created the earth but the Devil evolved it.
Never the romance without the bloodshed!
I am not that creative. And therefore you must be real.
Miser Shen is preparing to spend the night with a goat.
The wider we read the freer we become.
The words come at my call but who calls whom?
The saggy armchair of clichés.
Feeling. I didn’t want to feel.
Eating was easy. Thinking was hard.
How else could it be with such consuming hair?
The true nature of the world is energy not mass.
Witchery popery popery witchery – all the same thing.
If the demons lived anywhere it was here.
Fate may hang on any moment and at any moment be changed.
The same sun that melts wax hardens clay. In.
There are stories to tell that are not songs.
If you do not go within, you go without.
Be. We have always yearned to experience.
Words are the least reliable purveyor of Truth.
We are all led to the truth for which we are ready.
Well, could even a Jedi know the future?
Growing up ruins everything.
Cut there. He instantly knew what Patti had done.
Maybe I shot the sheriff and the deputy.
Lay there, listening for the squeaks of the final.
If there is no God, everything is lawful.
There aren’t missing links—there’s a missing chain!
If God is not sovereign, God is not God.
Just laws reflect what is right.
It worked okay.
Ghosts are nothing if not capricious.
He robbed a bank in Wichita.
Terror should remain the sole prerogative of the state.
Beauty was power, and Bethie wanted her power back.
F.E.A.R. Stood for face everything and recover.
Sing the prettiest songs.
ONE BY ONE I HAD WATCHED THEM ALL DIE.
Be love because you are.
Take my eye, I say. I have another.
There are no difficulties that can’t be overcome.
There are good and bad things in all political systems.
And try to remember how to be an idealist.
Eddie knelt and lifted a rock. ‘Lawyers,’ he whispered.
Country without reporting it.
No one owes you a great career, it argues; you.
We often do not see what we do not expect to see.
In time, there are an infinity of worlds.
That’s all we need, another drunk author.
Time is the web, and Fate is the spider.
Karma’s a hammer, not a feather.
Eats most of his meals.
Why is it that everybody else is traffic?
...hatching his poems..
The sacrificial repository at Arlington.
Edinburgh has history the way cats have bad breath.
Let slip the yapping chihuahuas of infowar.
We are, after all, .
Down in the park with a friend called Five.
I shake my head. The EQUESTRIAN.
Friend of mine who was turned down.
Who knows? It’s a long shot, but it just might work.
Nothing is to be clung to as I, me, or mine.
Genuine modesty looks best on the genuinely important.
Coincidence was just God’s way of remaining anonymous?
A sunstruck instant that existed now and forever.
Bad artists copy, good artists steal.
What is unthinkable is undoable.
Garden hoes, there was a small but conspicuous headline.
At first I thought they were playing to an.
A truck shot past in a whine of spray.
Honestly can’t remember much else about those years.
But if you close the door… the night could last forever…
It was a clear night, with crickets and a million stars.
What is unthinkable is undoable.
Picasso says. ‘Bad artists copy, good artists steal.
The most satisfying of languages, Latin.
Weddings Out of the Box.
Bailey Voss smiled at her daughter. Being.
And demand an answer. She didn’t have as good a time.
Some quality time with a good book. Trying to.
Winemaking should be a mystery with a hint of magic.
What? Are you on crack? I did no such thing.
Do that to a future hero? She.
To the GPS system. It greeted her in French.
She pulled a laptop out of her backpack and booted it.
Simon. She might not know many things, but.
It’s good to learn stuff. It keeps us young.
Brides tended to travel in packs.
She’d been so hopeful that people would forget her.
Valuable. We have to take care of them.
Forgiveness is a gift given by those with a full heart.
Every angel is terrifying.
It would be a bad joke if I fell and broke myself now.
It’s hard to be the one who stays.
Why has he gone where I cannot follow?
By Gaia’s left breast, Hades, you really are a moron.
By Zeus’s goolies, it’s about time you got here!
Love is as much trust as it is devotion.
Only a fool gives up his one treasure.
Outlive your superiors and the world is yours. ~ Beniago.
What loss is death if life is not to be lived?
Fortunate circumstances do not equate to high principles.
There is no magic, only tricks.
Old enemies must be friends when a greater evil looms.
Still, few things of worth are ever simple. Or easy.
The sound of old winter ice breaking at spring’s touch.
History is a record of many such irrationalities.
Ignorance is trust. —.
A cut scarred where a caress faded away.
Above all the mighty detest change.
Conceit does not sit well with martyrdom.
A lifetime of cannibal hatred.
At the end I am always alone.
Salomé...possibly the least successful play in history.
Old Age Is Not for the Young.
An owl is mostly air.
The story is the way the story is told.
A lot of snow out of one cloud, and it grows thicker.
What to make of a diminished thing?
Justice, mercy, does Mars care for them?
Cured? Goss said. Would you cure a singer of his voice?
Fact is one of our finest fictions.
With eye and hand and breath and will.
Patience with him either, always at him to hurry up and.
The unconscious mind is coextensive with the universe.
The author is not impartial. Dystopia is not tragedy.
I meditated upon it and found myself to be a riddle.
Too much thinking was still not good for me.
Anyone who has hope is happy.
Eternally revolving wheel of avidity and suffering;.
Water wants to join water. Youth wants to join youth.
Yes, my friends—it’s becoming Jewniversally apparent.
Those we understand are those we control.
There is no proportion. Pearl Harbor took care of that.
The driver drove by roadway Braille.
Bergen, and Oldfield. The.
She was the human equivalent of a storm cloud.
They did not live in a child’s house, we lived in theirs.
This town is the Greek Baltimore.
We live in different worlds, different realities.
The dead live in our memories.
Destiny? My destiny is what I make of it!
My practical intelligence said no, but my heart said yes.
Secrets are the way you know you even have an inside.
She’d been drinking jug wine steadily for four hours.
The better you look, the more you see.
The Grinch says ! ―.
He took on your face in the hope that you would see his.
For faith with no effort is no faith at all.
That God saw him as such gives hope to us all.
In God’s hands intended evil becomes eventual good.
Pits have no easy exits.
Something made me pull sounds out of my silence...
Words are the supreme objects. They are minded things.
We will revel in hardships and welcome strangeness.
All spirits are enslaved which serve things evil.
No lifetime is long enough for those who wish to create.
It was late morning when Kassad finished his story.
Be careful what you give up.
I want to read and write and be very quiet.
At the time there were no printing presses and no paper.
Unchecked power is an invitation to tyranny.
I found out how little is unbearable.
I’m not so sure innocence exists anymore.
The first rule for getting out of holes is to stop.
His face showed neither pleasure nor excitement.
The safe, empty room sneered at him.
It reads better than it lives.
Bond smelt the smell of danger.
Ever heard of The House of Diamonds?
Because sponges never have a bad day.
That’s why the bran muffins and the colonoscopies.
… and the things you used to own, now they own you.
The truth is you can be orphaned again and again.
The cancer I don’t have is everywhere, now.
In capitalist nation, all is decided by money.
Everything is nothing by itself.
We all have some proper noun to blame.
Do NOT die while wearing cheap shoes.
Only in death are we no longer part of project mayhem.
Can you just relax and let things happen?
Masochism is a valuable job skill. It is in most jobs.
I’m not stupid, but I’m getting there.
... the first step to eternal life is you have to die.
Gen was sleeping the sleep of the heavily drugged.
The world is full of things we’re better off not knowing.
Art stands on the shoulders of craft.
Time applied equaled work completed.
Beliefs converge and become something new all the time.
What place lay beyond the reach of evil?
The Diviners must stand, or all shall fall.
Whatever is without question is most vulnerable.
I couldn’t afford to be offended.
Grass can be seen, although it is important not to.
Whom now would I love, and who would love me?
From the beginning, then, but briefly.
Maintain your soul as one in the night and the day.
Be sincere always.
War for the nomadic people was a sort of production.
Birthmother was an important job, if lacking in prestige.
I am the Fiercest of the Fierce.
Our gifts are our weaponry.
Way, he had hoped he would not. His life would.
There could be love. Jonas whispered.
They sat silently for a moment.
The corner was just ahead.
She looked into the face of the soldier.
I’m going to win the girls’ race this week.
It was the helplessness that scared the both of us.
The God of Thunder has.
Only the moon was familiar.
That was it, sir.
Atheism is not a doctrine, it is a cry of wrath.
Truth never appeals to us unless it is personal.
Simplify, simplify, simplify. This.
Every day we’re given chances to embrace the new.
Our friends are the jewels in our crown of contentment.
Finally, a sport I could enjoy.
Ranger leaned closer and lowered his voice.
I had a long history of calamitous mishaps.
Gravy isn’t a food group. Say what?
She looked at me as if I were a snag in tights.
She flicked off the TV.
Went to the cross eight months before His.
It is true that those we meet can change us.
That bungled goodbye hurts me to this day.
Why be so attached to what we are bound to lose anyway?
I go, but I always remember you.
Sin sufrimiento, no hay historia.
Shared pain is more bearable.
Nine years earlier. Life was still.
The Janus, the Tomas, the Ekaterina, and the Lucian!
She had deemed it unwise to reveal her soul.
Tulips were a tray of jewels.
Life is easy to chronicle, but bewildering to practice.
I love folklore and all festering superstitions.
Things that are indelicate can sometimes be beautiful.
But Italy worked some marvel in her. It gave her light...
Nothing is more complex than avoiding the obvious.
Yorkshire word and means spoiled and.
Everything is made out of Magic.
A person has to have a flaw somewhere.
For you ,thousand times over.
Who was looked at, not seen, listened to, not heard.
How seamless seemed love and then came trouble!’ A.
He wasn’t sure if it was good and clean or not. He.
So. So. So here I am. And there it is, he thought. For.
How could he? The.
Berries he would have to eat the gut cherries again.
Then we knew he was lying.
The answer to his problem had come to.
Not of this world.
California is where you get to start over.
It’s always Mardi Gras somewhere.
Belief is not a required component of ability.
I will tease you, bite you, and spank you.
You are my other half, Amy. I have to protect you.
We are raw and honest, or we are nothing.
Greed is a stronger force than gravity.
Consciously or not, greed and power are deadly partners.
Cash is the magic that anyone can do.
But slave importation became illegal in 1808.
My religion is home and all that attends it.
Every astronomer loves the stars.
No one else can live your life for you.
So she fixes things by thinking about them!
Peace at Once.
The longer wars last, the less popular they become.
You are the cause by which I die.
You will not be master of my body & my property.
The world had kenneled a vicious lie in my brain…
But in Solitude, we can pay attention to our inner self.
Every time you reject yourself, you idealize others.
Active waiting is essential to the spiritual life.
Have courage therefore means Let your center speak.
When we worry, we have our hearts in the wrong place.
Law to exclude Mr. Rath, it can exercise its.
A space of time is a great breeder of myths.
Ridges of his thumbprint. He touched me. As I said.
Why live? Life was its own answer.
Who ever heard of a Martian not invading? Who!
Because the Muse persists.
Predate your telling me, T.T.
Nemesis is American citizens who’ve gone overseas.
I’m really not the cold fish everyone thinks I am.
Something’s going to happen!
And I know how names can alter the colour of beliefs.
Edith Wharton with the death penalty.
Meanwhile everything matters — that concerns you.
Imagination WAS the eagle that devoured Prometheus!
Life develops what it demands.
Satyagraha was instead an instrument of unity.
Learning to live is learning to let go.
People will die as they have lived, as themselves.
When you confront the monster you.
Knowledge without wisdom is a clear and present danger.
Report that Tad was better eased Lincoln’s mind.
Private citizens were asked to open their homes;.
Valliant. Humor can be marvelously therapeutic.
There is no one left; none but all of us.
And maybe – maybe – love will arrive, and remain.
Welcome to the darker side of love.
Visions are answers. Answers imply questions. It.
I was as empty of life as a scarecrow’s pockets.
In a voice with half the steps missing.
I was wondering when I was going to end up like this.
The FBI hates and fears strong crypto.
Put … the troll … down … and slowly back away.
It is heavy enough to stun a muskellunge.
Parking lots and chaos.
Or a Moonie festival or something.
In the Metaverse, Hiro Protagonist is a warrior prince.
I feared he might be trying to grow a beard again.
Is this some exercise in keeping a straight face?
Penetrates your iris, tenderest of sphincters.
Testaceous turbinated exanguious animals—.
There was silence around the big table in the Banana.
Every judgment teeters on the brink of error.
Holiness has replaced love in your religion!
To exist is to stand out, away from the background.
Fate was sometimes inscrutable.
Failure to make a decision was in itself a decision—he.
To accept a little death is worse than death itself.
They compose poems to their knives.
Rain or snow. Mama worried and Papa was impressed;.
Eidetic memory. What else any of it meant to.
Said, looking for a job on Broadway.
Not to borrow trouble by worrying about it.
Our burdens are here, our road is before us.
I agree not to expect anything.
Virtue was its own reward.
For love casts out fear, and gratitude can conquer pride.
The sincere wish to be good is half the battle.
Oh, Mother, help me, do help me!
Was a long upper hall full.
Sound. He dumped him off.
Search on Susan after we spoke.
His throat. He splayed his fingers in.
She hadn’t been.
Options. Who was he? He.
Been a long time. Lucky will race you back to your.
Refugees, usually émigrés and immigrants.
Inefficiency is to be our safeguard against despotism.
A thousand questions hit my eyes from the inside.
You are a person in love with the impossible.
Our lives are measured not by gain but by giving.
Death is life’s one great certainty.
The enemy is in you, but it is not you.
We master the technique of our jobs.
Our greatest fear is fear of success.
It happen, she could. They.
We ask for progress, not perfection. Just do your best.
We rarely see what we prefer to overlook.
Mono no aware, the sadness of being human.
She looks at me strangely. Um, no. I’m frozen.
Do you think she’s still here? Jonah asks.
Charity begins at home.
Shook hands. She thanked him for his pro bono.
When you have no future, you live in the past.
Hubbard obtained the land from Sylvester’s widow.
Gratitude asks, Why me? Why do I get all that I have?
Life is the wonder with which we are all infused. …
The mistakes of history bring relentless reprisals.
Attachment, Buddha had said, is the cause of grief.
It was politicians saying, Let’s you and him fight!
I knew then he was blind when he looked at me.
All you can do is he there and suffer.
We can read; reading is almost as good as doing.
Rain turned to sleet, sleet to snow.
Talent is everything; sanity is nothing.
History is the angle at which realities meet.
Only absences were fully shared.
When the going gets tough the tough get going.
The world was a series of fleeting gratifications.
A band played live Muzak.
Nagasaki was an embarrassment to the art of war.
I am the false character that follows the name around.
All human existence is a trick of light.
Heat that rots ambition and stuns the intellect and will.
Tourism is the march of stupidity.
Catastrophe is our bedtime story.
¨Yet the one I think of most often_¨.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
I’m about to sharpen up the engine a little.
Drifting is what one does.
I’d marry you tomorrow if you’d have me.
Water under the bridge and dynamite it behind you.
I suppose everything had changed and nothing had.
We all remember what we need to remember.
The children in the woods play wild, secret games.
I was never really on my side in any argument.
It was one of the few stories we told the same way.
Clean and bleed. Bleed and clean.
Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.
It was my fifth lie to the police. I was just starting.
I just want to live until I can’t anymore.
Sometimes the answer is at the bottom of a bottle.
What have we done to eachother?
We Got Llamas! Odd words to see in neon.
To pretend to be calm is to be calm, in a way.
That would be our luck.
My story for the day was a limp sort of evil.
In the beginning was the word and the word was CHOICE.
Only the obtuse are unappreciative of paradox.
He could manage. Ms. Silver happened to be walking by.
If you don’t fear God, fear him through the metals.
Life was imposed on her from outside.
It is better to arrive in time than to be invited.
When you’re ugly and poor, you can only want more.
My heart in an uproar.
Children inherit their parents’ madness.
Death has no sense of the ridiculous.
The only regret I have in dying is if it is not for love.
Kisses on the body bring tears.
The characters and events in this book are fictitious.
Schmoozes the customers, brings light and warmth to the.
No matter the challenge, his people knew how to endure.
I have seen into the heart of the universe.
I want this party.
He felt the snow, downward groping of tree roots.
His spirit is like a guttering candle.
Education is the best provision for old age. — ARISTOTLE.
Walking is the best possible exercise. — THOMAS JEFFERSON.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness. — NORMAN COUSINS.
I have lost you before I have found you.
Elephants gave you less bother, any day.
In order to rule, one must face reality.
Humans are endlessly stupid and greedy.
But the Dog was gone forever. Lirael.
This is what it is, to be an Abhorsen.
Will you turn me back to myself, please, Frogkisser?
Everything is always better for a walk.
Old age had distilled her down to her essence.
Had a sneaking suspicion that.
Assume nothing, question everything.
It was all I could do to not give a mwa ha ha ha!
Society prepares the crime; the criminal only commits it.
The bestselling author of all time, James Patterson.
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth.
Bleachers at a Little League.
No one ever leaves alive The house at 7 Ocean Drive.
Delusional. Like Donald Trump with a comb.
That palpable odor pumped out through the.
Coffee without doughnuts is like a day without sunshine.
When justice is done, it brings joy to the righteous.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, I am my mother after all.
Adolescents were the most wretched humans of all.
That kid’s nothing but a little hoodlum.
Deception is the art of war.
There is truth in dreams, but especially in nightmares.
The color of truth is gray.
Everybody’s a critic these days.
Ambition makes more trusty slaves than need.
Third or fourth.
If you know the why, you can figure out the who.
You will never stumble while on your knees.
Think Cool Girl could ever really like me.
Pain is a message. Messages can be ignored.
Never underestimate the power of a good laugh.
After a while, the conversations became almost cordial.
Only individual opinions are fixed and dogmatic.
There are some people in life that you can’t get over.
I wanted to be your partner the first day.
I catch a break as a cloud passes over the sun.
She looked like a statue of pride hanging its head.
Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!
Everything’s got a moral, if only you can find it.’ And.
True eloquence has an edge, sharp and clean.
All we have is time.
She loved the classics and believed in reading out loud.
This is a landscape that should not be sold.
Strength floods in after a fall.
Souls are complicated things.
Those who are vain have little ability to feel grateful.
Potatoes have much more staying power than caviar.
When the heart is dry, the eye is dry. On.
To die is nothing; but it is terrible not to live.
Everything can be parodied, even parody.
Philosophy is the microscope of the thought.
Her heart turned dark at the place that had been his.
Style is the shape the ideal takes, rhythm, its movement.
Children have their morning song as well as birds.
After philosophy, action is required;.
Love is the only ecstasy, everything else weeps.
Pedantry. What was this excess of love? It was a serene.
What took place next in the fate of M. Myriel?
Ignominy thirsts for consideration.
Slaying wealth is not the same thing as dividing it.
This life is but a pilgrimage.
Yes, well, years. Some die young; some are born old.
Actuality is a running impoverishment of possibility.
Do you think God wants a waterfall to be a tree?
Life is not the end, and death is just the beginning...
Leave me. And it was a great sense of relief. The.
Avoid pompous words and fancy phrases.
The object of advertising is to sell goods.
How small he was and how wormy in manner.
Why does love end so quickly and hatred last without end?
There are, of course, three ways to hide behind a sofa.
No burglar wastes his time burgling authors.
He was really only a sort of detective, a species.
And what, he inquired.
Cannot be muzzled!
What are you giving us?
A chap after the horses.’ He had found the right.
But the unsensational doings of a quite commonplace young.
With charm comes charm’s sidekick, dilapidation.
The flesh gives no resistance and yields no blood.
Death. It doesn’t have to be boring.
The wide days split life open like an ax.
How we spend our days is,how we spend our lives.
Each thing in the world is translucent.
Never pass a bar with your name on it.
He’d bivouacked on the north side of the town.
There’s little equity in the Lord’s gifts.
This night, thy soul may be required of thee.
Like a patrol condemned to ride out some ancient curse.
In this world the mask is what is true.
This is a dog. He is dead too. This.
His dreams brightened. The vanished world returned.
That was a lot of skin for a Tuesday.
No. I’m only here for one reason. He glanced over at me.
Just me, rocking the awk.
Freaks can be a fount of information.
I know everything about love but Love itself.
Brenda was six when she fell out of the apple tree.
He is sui generis, a scholar and a wit.
The king is good to those who think him good.
The wise prince is not always the most popular prince;.
Would they quarrel so much, if they were indifferent?
Beneath every history, another history.
I felt a wish to be fictionalized.
The times are new, but the informers are old.
I’ve never shot a civilian except when under orders.
Life is full of stories. Or maybe life is only stories.
As we moved from Tokyo the world became greener.
You can’t hold on to water or keep it from leaking away.
But death permits you To arrange your hours.
What are you but a corpse waiting to be washed?
We do not ‘suffer,’ said Garad. We endure.
God makes a way out of no way.
Remember that you own what happened to you.
Perfectionism is a mean, frozen form of idealism, while.
Take care of yourselves; take care of one another.
Clutter and mess show us that life is being lived.
Beauty is a miracle of things going together imperfectly.
This is parenting on steroids.
The act of writing turns out to be its own reward.
Clarity of vision—especially.
Wish there’d been a shortcut, but the wound.
Who knows how much of our stories are true?
That the dream must be vivid and continuous.
Becoming a writer is about becoming conscious.
Oh not that I was ever even incompletely deaf.
Extraordinary how mathematics help you to know yourself.
All hangs together, I am in chains.
The whisky bears a grudge against the decanter.
Bah, the latest news, the latest news is not the last.
...The less I think of it the more certain I am.
There’s no lack of void.
When in Rome; burn it.
Money is a sign of poverty.
Division was the only order.
You think this is living? This is eating, nothing else.
...the bad dreams are the way I bleed...
Simon said. I glanced back at him. Simon chuckled.
A blazing fire in an ice storm.
Out of obscurity I came. To obscurity I can return.
Love is not enough to keep us from harm.
How alone this was going to be.
That I—I have not ‘heard’ . . . What is it?
Well, no. Marianne thought there could be lots worse.
Went out for sports as others did, in an affable herd.
I will be the clinician of my own pathology.
I wanted to be a Poet and a Poem, and now am neither.
It’s easier to acquiesce. Everyone does, they tell him.
This story is about the eschatology of shadow puppets.
Expect nothing. Live frugally on surprise. —Alice Walker.
The end is coming yesterday it was here too.
The story can be told without many words.
Bailey hung her head for a moment, and.
Love you for who you are … inside.
Life’s too short to worry.
I will walk by faith … even when I cannot see …
Love well … laugh often … and live for Christ.
No trial was beyond the reach of God.
Life can be very complicated.
Eyes are a window to the soul.
Honesty was the glue in any relationship.
God always hears us when we pray, isn’t that right?
No one wants to hear about your faith. They must see it.
Stand sentry in prayer.
Fame destroys the people who believe it.
I hope God gives us windows in heaven.
God is at work, even in our storms.
God was beyond faithful, always, all the time.
But the girl had captured his heart and mind and soul.
Anger does not bring about the righteousness God desires.
Battles are won and lost through prayer.
He liked going to the library...
Death began to look like a friend.
Whatever happens to me, the Lord is always with you.
Grace releases people not only from sin but from shame.
Unfair suffering is never funny.
Second, always speak the truth without fear.
Sound advice comes from veterans of pain.
In a world of groceries and sermons.
Street, and she was able to give Elmer the three hundred.
Lead an almost irritatingly pure life, but who had no.
Inventive rhetoric is characteristic of true believers.
Folly is a child of power.
Everything interested him and everything excited him.
Isolation might be more hazardous than splendor.
The English patrician bloomed in his natural climate.
Malignant phenomena do not come out of a golden age.
The scene is France. The theater is the world.
Fireflies were the souls of unbaptized dead infants.
If it was bliss to be alive, to hunt was rapture.
The snow lay thin and apologetic over the world.
Much discomposed, Freddy made inarticulate noises.
He is clearly unhinging.
Repentance is an internal shift.
The most important thing is to begin.
This place is like the back entrance to a black cow.
No place is a place until it has found its poet.
...We have to dare, to dare again, always to dare...!
What if, this time, you fall?
Does it ever stop? The wanting you?
It was a hot summer—there wasn’t any other kind in Boston.
Yowled, and Mrs. Chisholm—who was a rather buxom.
And I want only to throw myself into it and be consumed.
This is just the.
The small, homely scar of a smallpox vaccination. Rain.
There aren’t any answers, only choices.
I think sometimes the dead cherish us, as we do them.
Fighting was an exhausting business, and so was fear.
She keeps takin’ me in—so I suppose she must be home.
Dinna be afraid. There’s the two of us now.
Oh, Claire, ye do break my heart wi’ loving you.
Money is a good bridle, but a weak rein.
Said. And how is Oggy today?
The chill. Grant’s nose was.
Leave now and live, or stay here and die. Your choice.
There was so much time wasted not spending it together.
Whatever use double maths has in life is beyond me.
The only argument you ever win is the one you don’t have.
There are those who are made different in the womb.
New Orleans may be too seductive for a writer.
Life is fits and starts, mostly fits.
As Fama put it, Life always has a fat tail.
The age of comparative anarchy is upon us.
The land of the 45rpm record is the land of chaos.
But, as with people, some plants were completely useless.
Life ain’t for sissies, as Augustus might have said.
The best to do with a death was to move on from it.
Could put no weight on the wounded ankle at.
It was a quiet day in Tombstone.
A good title can save a book.
I was just doodling at the typewriter.
Youth does not inspire confidence, in life or in stories.
You envy me my educated tastes.
Terms. A nation can assume that the phrase under God.
To Travel without moving an inch.
The blood of too many, dissolving the very stain.
Some of my subjects do not know what is good for them.
Sunlight shining on the fur of a golden monkey…
Beacause if they think the Dust is bad, it must be good.
Being a freak isn’t the same thing as having a talent.
Feeling. I didn’t want to feel.
Fish are divided from us by surfaces and silence.
The more I found, the less I understood.
I could write more, but that is all that matters.
Does being forty feel fabulous and foxy? Liz asked.
It’s expensive to keep 2.3 million people in prison.
I send you my laughter. May Buddha bless thee and thine.
The sun dances in her and she has an immense joy of life.
All comes to him who waits—and works.
Disagreement, however, is not anger.
I lost my voice, but I had words.
The ways in which I am my mother’s daughter are infinite.
Like many writers, I lived inside of books as a child.
This is not a story, only life.
Shakespeare should have prepared her.
Sleepwalkers, leave other sleepwalkers alone!
The whole state of Maine is unlocked.
Develop your pawns or Hulk will smash.
We are the only creature that can harm at a distance.
These are all just informed guesses.
If he had loved her he would have pursued her.
She was a refreshing diversion in perfection.
Richards then pulled the pen and ink well close.
Believes the world is against him. Nothing.
More John Doe than Mike May. He played with this changing.
Even their downtime was epic.
Stories were heirlooms in these parts.
It’s wonderful to have international friends.
Each of us is a secret envoi of the earth. We.
Of the boxcar and was just right for a step.
Moore’s and stay, until the surprise comes.
Then Benny called out in his loudest voice, Bill!
Jessie knew that, said.
Horses would be.
See you day after tomorrow!
Watch. He is her dog. She took the thorn out of his foot.
Rolled the door shut, and then it really began to rain.
This is the best picnic I’ve ever been to, said.
What’s the midway? asked Benny. At.
Steak, baked potatoes, and tossed salad.
Forgetting Henry’s headlamp, the Boxcar.
The Other Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth M.
Only this flat top is twice as big as a carrier. Benny.
He is James Henry Alden, and I’m Henry James Alden.
Not only a countess but a nymph of the greenwood.
There was no more beautiful creature in the whole world.
By the one God, Sancho, no more proverbs.
That is a reconstruction, too.
A movie about the past is not the same as the past.
I am in love with his need.
In the moment just before giving, I am loved.
Who invented the word love?
There has to be an us because now there is them.
Did anyone ever hear of an intelligent fantasy?
You can’t go back in time and do life a different way.
Procession For Ye Bride who Changèd Her Minde. No.
I’m too young to be old and too old to be young.
Ends up sleeping in your bed.
No one can resurrect love once it has breathed its last.
I’m a helpless, recovering introvert.
To find yourself, think for yourself. —Socrates.
It is sometimes necessary to break everything.
Because survival is insufficient.
You think you know this story. You do not.
Stories retold are stories remade.
Hoping for some clue. But he.
Over, shoes just— Hey! She marched over, picked.
Roarke made some notations on the fax—a.
She had to hoof it two.
It may be you confused undercover with undercovered.
Lunatics are, unfortunately, rarely stupid.
How do you suppose they know the sheep are virgins?
Cheating’s cheap and it’s lazy.
They locked her in the cage when she started to bleed.
Cherbourg was leaving Liverpool, the ship.
Only Poe could have dreamed the rest.
Psychology of small things rules.
Scratches his tummy with the tip of her.
You don’t know what he hears because he just talks.
Less a person than a collection of terrible traits.
After 1500 not all roads led to Rome.
... life is an ongoing process of learning.
Ava’s living area is made up of three primary spaces.
The secret to life is finding joy in ordinary things.
It is my task always to know, particularly when I don’t.
I said it. I like to quote myself. I am not modest.
Of all this world’s creatures, the author is the vainest.
They all lived in their own little clouds.
There are times when simplicity makes a decision for you.
Life was a hard teacher, but a thorough one.
The back of my hand to guilt.
The more a victory cost, the more it was esteemed.
Compulsion is the death of friendship, joy.
Thought before action, if you have time.
Carried a nosegay of summer flowers. Winston.
Overnight. It had been.
The whole enchilada, kid.
Inert and seemingly lifeless.
It is not so easy as running and not running.
Money distorts truth like a hippo in a thong.
I’ve long seen failure as a tool, not an outcome.
Inaccurate worldviews are the only kind there is.
Nothing is true but what is never said.
My part is not a heroic one, but I shall play my part.
The episode related here is based on a true story.
The computer system is secure.
The work of the late Heinz Pagels provoked Ian Malcolm.
It is an absurd expression of romantic hope.
She felt secure only in her terrible sense of insecurity.
There was only one catch and that was Catch-22....
I have a weakness for fresh eggs.
You have a morbid aversion to dying.
I was born with the ability to see in metaphor.
We are the stage and all the players.
Everything is available in the natural state.
There can be no success in sales without tenacity.
...the nest is agiggle with excitement.
Get out of that comfortable rut.
Shining a light creates shadows.
Success was his chosen form of revenge.
The smart person accepts. The idiot insists.
They end when the career ends.
A mother was only as happy as her most unhappy child.
No knowledge is wasted.
Aficionados of the weather. We’d follow a storm.
One always has riches when one has a book to read.
1 am not up to anything, Cousin Edgar.
You can’t take it with you— but you can send it on ahead.
To procrastinate obedience is to disobey God.
Anyone who waits for happiness will never be happy.
And who am I? The wrong person; I can tell you that.
He stopped to look around. Everything was silent.
Am an outsider in my own country.
Better a live dog than a dead prince.
They know a million tricks, those novelists.
I chose God over the material universe.
We pursued the muses, instead of the mirrors.
It was not edifying to dwell on the failings of others.
It is not at all foolish to hope for miracles.
Groan again when my brother’s name.
But the world does not cater to our timing.
Holding onto things will only break your heart.
There is life after this life.
She was broken open. But broken open is still open.
Heaven is always thinking about us.
I traded lots of dreams for a bigger paycheck.
There is no such thing as too late in life.
When people don’t believe in something, they’re lost.
No life is a waste .
Common sense has no place in first love and never has.
Is this all? Is this all I want? Is something missing?
But her absence was like a character in it.
I hope that one day you will think of me as your friend.
He listened as if you were the person in the world.
When you are measuring life, you are not living it...
Once he could read, all knowledge was within reach.
Sometimes, kids want you to hurt the way they hurt.
We must all work together to bring change to this earth.
Lucas’s Colt .45 Gold Cup and Beretta 92F, and drove up.
Stopped by the door.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. —Charles Dickens.
But I always had an incredibly intense sense of smell.
Telling me how much he loves me and the next.
Love mans knowing when to let go.
With the advent of farming, human horizons expanded.
Their eyes flicking all over each other.
How could you make a mistake when you had one option?
The girl has a funny way of romanticizing things.
What a weird future awaited her in the past!
As dizzy as the stars, as near and alone.
Stars slid away like rain, she was gone so long.
... comprehending little and caring less.
I love Coos Bay, and I love Acid!
The cobbler’s children go barefoot.
It’s amazing how harmless the world can sometimes seem.
Grief can be catered just like anything else.
One of the lounge chairs. Serena.
The eyes those silent tongues of love. —CERVANTES.
A shallow embankment. It was upright but canted.
As you are now, so I once was As I am now, so will you be.
Pride. You have it where you can have it.
In to the pier.
To guard oneself from presumption.
Credit 12.1) But on the ship.
Wrote her family in November, three months after arriving.
The ruin insufficiently ruined.
The world existed for me only in relationship to you.
Iconoclast, the neuroeconomist Gregory Berns.
Solitude can be a catalyst to innovation.
Components of the ability to.
No one can hear her. No one tries.
It’s so easy to confuse schmoozing ability with talent.
We are careful with our seeds of life.
Death was not the end.
...on occasion logic does not win against emotions.
Betrayals are brutal.
You know what I want and need. And you love me.
Valek is the king of delegating.
You are the Soulfinder. You should not be afraid of fire.
Courage is walking through your fear with faith.
Put the freak in frequently drunk and belligerent.
Not all that is plain is dross.
I would not have you follow me, but walk at my side.
It was the truth, but that made it no more palatable.
You fit well into the hollow of my shoulder.
It was easier to be angry than to examine why.
She had made a bargain with Rolf.
Talking to the knights—jesting.
Afternoon and the furniture is all assembled.
Bishops of Rouen, Fécamp and Jumièges. A.
Heart softened at the thought of those.
Remember, good things come to those who wait.
It was a comedy of errors.
You’re acting like a little kid, Carrie said, slapping.
You’re beautiful. And I meant it.
Window. She’d be fine. All she needed was a few days away.
You should explore all your options.
Survive this evening with her.
With static electricity.
Let himself into the office. He stood in the.
Those years didn’t happen and take.
She possessed, hurled the ring across the room.
Parked his taxi. Lily tried to talk to him twice on the.
I’ve got a loose tooth. Look. She started pushing.
Days aboard his sailboat, doing.
A smile that would melt concrete.
To her hair and makeup. This.
Sadie was waiting in.
Sam snickered; the kid.
At him, Caroline crossed her long legs. Her foot swung.
Janine, Anton cried, delighted. Zach. My, my, this is.
A smile would certainly increase his face value.
It’s not polite to invite yourself along.
Strive for wisdom! Or at least a decrease in idiocy.
Life is both pain and pleasure.
Tapped the side.
There are no safe paths anymore.
As she hurtled downward, Eragon said, said Glaedr.
He bent and plucked a tooth, a molar, from the dirt.
Those whom we love are often the most alien to us.
You believe dragons are better than gods?
Mushroom pie stuffed with spinach, thyme, and currants.
My only inheritance.
Also, I am sure Aren was a way for him to protect himself.
Hope is the future lined in gold.
Her. May I use the car?
Everyone in the world is guilty of something.
Are you still teaching?
He shot her a dry, sidelong glance. The phones started.
Bright May morning, with the.
Love was love.
Gentle curves that had not been.
Out. He watched her when they were at Kate’s tennis.
Here in the garden, she found an unexpected peace.
Poured himself into his work.
Mother. The doctors want them.
Life, she had decided that the English were not.
I’m learning to be patient.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Should be published.
I meet you with my heart in my hand.
Expectancy of anything is always oppressive. When.
Quarrel with Yeremi at the time, still Chigirin.
Without noise of drums or.
Hatred is degenerated love.
Ground the coursing of flocks run wild.
The ears of the prince. His guardianship over.
First no one knew exactly how to interpret.
You want to succeed, double your failure rate.
Waugh is the best of them. Brideshead is the.
To love is not only to give but also to take.
His own will always be seen as different.
He was fired for refusing to call his new boss Mummy.
Yes, we’re really about excess in this country.
Feminism nd femininity is not mutually exclusive.
Did not talk to people, they instead talked at people.
If we do something over and over, it becomes normal.
Her skin felt as though it was her right size.
Smiling a smile full of things restrained.
I just want to be regular.
Her insecurity, so great and so ordinary, silenced him.
The only race that matters is the human race.
Feminism and Femininity are not mutually exclusive.
Be a full person. Your child will benefit from that.
With him, she felt breakable, precious.
There is nothing more beautiful than what God gave me.
And, by the way, you and the guy.
We have confidence but no dignity.
An endless sheet of heads and placards held high.
Her entire body was invaded by millions of uncertainties.
She was the sort of person whose love would suffocate.
She had, finally, spun herself fully into being.
Her feet had turned into snails.
She was too afraid to hope, now that it seemed possible.
And I said, Ah correct, there is hope. She reads.
Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel.
Birds of a feather always ended up sticking together.
Book called The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch.
The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch.
Joan Didion’s The Year of Magical Thinking.
The Price of Salt, by Patricia Highsmith.
Feasting the Heart by Reynolds Price.
The Lizard Cage by Karen Connelly.
The new Brooks novel is called People of the Book.
Christopher Isherwood’s Christopher and His Kind.
Barbery’s The Elegance of the Hedgehog.
The Bite of the Mango.
Never trust the innocent.
From small foundations of hope, empires can be built.
Besides, she was only a kid, she needed him.
Politicians see conspiracies everywhere.
Knowledge is a true power in any society.
Code could do anything. Code could save the world.
Handed it over.
Science your way out of this.
Always trust in proven survivors.
Purpose; parents being tolerant or exasperated.
Imagine that you have to break someone’s arm.
Not before the harvest is in, and the mules are rested.
Q. Where shall we go? A. To the railway.
It was to keep it whole.
But it’s raining cats and dogs,’ said Jane.
Did it really.
Arms. Had he not believed it necessary.
It’s all my fault,’ I confessed to her.
You can see me! I gave him a nod and a smile.
Shall. I think I finally guessed then what.
She held his hand and did not look down nor back.
Too late to apologize. I have already forgiven you.
Explanations had seldom worked between us. Trust had.
Uncomfortably modern sound. With only a little nudging.
Cable TV was also born of a kind of piracy. When.
Peace isn’t as easy as everyone wants you to think it is.
Bacon is the way and the truth.
Yes, but even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
You should learn Polish and read Szymborska!
One cannot sass me with impunity.
Is the Way and the Truth.
Druids can’t jump. Without.
Hakko Drazlip and the Tootle Froots.
That was opportunity knocking. Rising.
Are the worst.
That good, huh? It’s free, Oberon.
Shared knowledge can weigh heavy in the scales of power.
The chandelier suddenly started to sway.
That’s point number one against Mr.
Just bought himself a new set of clubs a couple of months.
Hunting for a needle in a haystack.
We can’t let best be the enemy of better.
Whirlwind of war.
Hue had become a city of the dead.
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.
He held deep contempt for Amanda White on principle.
I was sure I could bring him back to health. He died…a.
Dust was dangerous, I insisted. Insects bred in it.
I like a work of art for what it means to me.
He’ll just snap his fingers and turn us to dust.
Perfect way to commemorate her eleventh.
Never out of shame or to win favor.
And are paying a heavy price for losing.
My finely tuned social weather vane is detecting a hint.
I sound the same to myself.
Meilin passed stared at her. Some covertly.
I sound the same to myself.
All boys belong in insane asylums, Kendra said.
But what if it were heaven when she got there?
She was silence itself.
Why are you sad?
The thing is to take your life in your hands.
You, she thought. Every flawed, scrawny.
Turn our unsaid things into our life’s work.
When did feminism become confused with Buddhism?
The mouth is the heart of the face.
I adore Janis Joplin, who sixties herself to death.
Academics would read, and discussed at 11 p.m. on BBC4.
We were all wondering—could you stop the maracas.
Galaxies of nothing are going on in her eyes.
First world babies are eating this planet like termites.
David Cameron is a C-3P0 made of ham.
I’m going to be the Beatles of kissing.
The more scared children are, the tighter they hug you.
The God we construct is always too small.
Bear up, brave heart!
When all are admitted, how can there be a Holy of Holies?
Sorrows is more plentiful than dinners just now; I.
As if unwilling to awaken the unused echoes. At.
Still he loved on, and on, ever more fondly.
Which he longed to fall. ‘Well! It is not well.
Premature action alerts the opposition.
Spies have no sense of timing.
Wisely reconsidered and let the hand.
Do this one thing.
Should’ is my all time least favorite.
Loved the sound of the rain on the metal roof.
NYPD check you out. So you’re clean. She supposed she.
Studio and the junkyards.
Chest. ‘You are committing a felony! There.
Little too undistinguished, a little.
Was mildly surprised to see) and in the smallest.
She jotted this down in her ubiquitous notebook.
What’d he do? Your stepfather?
But it works that way if it works.
We are warriors of Allah.
Answer. It sounded too damned close.
Soon we will all eat stones.
Butterface. Then Thomas spoke slowly. But. Her. Face.
Life’s too short to play small with your talents.
Live Fully so You Can Die Happy.
Do you think you are being true to yourself?
Goals and plans take the worry out of living.
A clear plan relieves you of the torment of choice.
Every dawn is a new day to the one who is enlightened.
Small steps over time generate big results.
There’s a much deeper power than titled power.
Life favors the prepared mind.
Will all happen.
Identify the things that are holding you back.
His time had come and I do not question his exit.
Without trust, there is no commitment. And.
The top of one mountain is the bottom of the next.
Our days are nothing more than our lives in miniature.
Become the CEO of Your Life.
He collapsed right in the middle.
Only those who seek shall find.
The hand that gives is the hand that gathers.
The journey is always better than the end.
One burns the dead while the other burns the living.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
The best way to do that is to do the thing you fear.
We see the world, not as it is but as we are.
Sure. Well, that happened.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.’ Maybe.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.’ The.
Careful not to overexpose.
Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill.
Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse.
Biography of the great American Benjamin Franklin.
Mantras are a great way to accomplish this objective.
He not only talked his talk he walked his walk.
Dennis Wholey. It.
You are what you think about all day long.
Don’t race against others. Race against yourself.
When spider webs unite, they tie up a lion.
Small victories lead to large victories.
Character is higher than intellect.
Dharma, which is the Sanskrit word for life’s purpose.
Every big dream starts small.
Either you control your mind or it controls you.
Powerful indeed is the empire of habit.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Good manners are the lubricant of an organization.
In alignment. Their video matches their audio.
Passionate and their passion becomes contagious.
Read more, learn more, laugh more and love more.
Good people strengthen themselves ceaselessly.
The mind is a wonderful servant but a terrible master. If.
Everything that lives, lives not alone, not for itself.
There is nowhere else to look.
We live for ourselves only when we live for others.
Never overlook the power of simplicity.
Now our poor Gib never had a sense of humor to lose...
In turn, had agreed to end the continuing.
What is a thing worth, if it comes with no risk?
Statecraft and kingship were not for the faint of heart.
Hal and Richard show all the good will of Cain and Abel.
Back all he’d been.
I would look dreadful in black.
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Predicting causes litter.
Adam sat back and scoured his recent memory.
His legs where the bones had been broken.
More she thought about it the more she came.
You’re referring to the guests?
And August was a force. Charming, gregarious.
My intention that people will feel like throttling her.
Ones I had watched.
In seventy years, I’ve never told a blessed soul.
I would rather be single. I cannot possibly say that.
Was in Nicholas’s employ, yet he walked.
Andy hollered, and was gone.
If she wasn’t Mal from the Isle anymore, who was she?
Nat who is nothing like a gnat. I can promise you that.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Pemberley and I talked to the principal and.
Were actually pretty hilarious—he hoped.
Us, not with her,’ she observed.
She thanked him just as.
She pulled a face at.
All the danger, none of the reward.
And in order to get, we first have to give.
Light can only shine through broken vessels.
Say why not? rather than why?
Let the past go, Bren, or it will ruin your future.
Time is our friend, because for us there is no end. He.
The best use of power is not to have to use it at all.
Song about truck driving vampires.
Finally, after many minutes of hard work.
You are your own best teacher. ~Jimmy Buffett.
Innuendos—and sometimes they weren’t even.
This night would have been so much more pleasant.
Felt this way, robbed.
Desert kept a still tongue, and when.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
The redemptive way goes through pain, not around it.
In the context of today, this WAS heroism.
He showed me the lowest. I had to surmise the highest.
Him dumfounded as he chanted the Gregorian.
Anchorages. As the war progressed, the advanced.
It gave me a new appreciation for objective appraisal.
No, I realize that you didn’t think of it! But I did.
Over the next two months Eisenhower labored.
All who live but dream they act here.
Hair of the dog and to keep me company I made a drink.
I want out of the freak show and into the main tent.
Day when we were young and lovely.
Even a little bit? No. She.
They’ve seen too much to be children.
Honey, some boys stopped by to see you. They had wood.
Front hallway while they were gone.
Suddenly up and died. Really.
If you have the right shoes, you can do anything.
Isaac Asimov’s Foundation.
I don’t know what’s real and what isn’t half of the time.
Oh, fairling, he breathed, you light up the dark.
You’re going to turn me into a beast, fair one.
Creativity comes easier within constraints.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Have sued for an injunction against Jaws.
On exceptions and anomalies rather than on reality.
Declared preferences and revealed preferences.).
35 million fewer females than males in the population.
Vaunted progress as a major player in the global economy.
People respond to incentives—.
It stank to the heavens; when.
Dead horses were extremely unwieldy.
That number is 58 percent.
Why has the prostitute’s wage fallen so far? Because.
The gap steadily grows over the second and third grades.
Tragedy of the commons.
A quitter never wins, and a winner never quits.
1. What Does It Mean to Think Like a Freak?
Anecdotes often represent the lowest form of persuasion.
Would a diet high in omega-3 lead to world peace?
Just Like Canada, with Better Bacon.
The future is far less knowable than you think.
Tetlock’s words, even when their predictions prove.
Nor should failure be considered a total loss.
Humans respond to incentives.
Failure may be an option but quitting is not.
Your strength is the strength of stones. Suddenly.
On. Bobby was a sweet little boy, but he took pleasure in.
His posture was still erect.
What she perceived to be his condescending.
Asked? That letter you mailed seemed pretty.
Was letting the cameras.
And starting to stay even with.
The Pierre, she pictured Charlotte’s face at lunch.
Office. Sixteen floors below was the famous.
Lacey thought with.
But he didn’t kid himself. Seventeen years was too long.
She told Rick Parker.
I’ll see if the director is available.
Even that could not help his game.
Complained of cramps to.
Prior planning prevents poor performance. Andrew would.
But there’s plenty of truth in fiction.
She’s not the most stable isotope in the lab.
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Come on, even the MoCoPopo aren’t that blind.
Timebound is her debut novel.
Katherine leaned forward, pushing the glowing.
Photographs at my grandmother’s house—her.
The House and Senate also passed a joint.
Smiles Form the Channel of a Future Tear.
One can never have too many librarian friends.
He nodded, rueful. I immediately caught myself.
What are you doing, terrorizing the virgins?
Toward them, a.
Tantalus was locked, but just as Phin braced himself.
Smiles can be deadlier than pistols, if used correctly.
Fifth of American families lived on farms in the 1930s.
You marry to continue the conversation.
But I was wrong about most things, then as now.
Later—well, what came later, came later.
What happened to the truth is not recorded.
The littleness of life that art exaggerates?
Pustular berk with the charisma of a plimsole.
The reward of merit is not life’s business.
Gustave’s last years are arid and solitary. He.
A celebrity these days is somebody you’ve never heard of.
He was perfect in his way,’ said Patrick.
It is beautiful to unfold our souls And our short lives.
Presumptuous—but he’s got to he with someone.
And how many problems have been solved to date?
800 people of all sortes went in these 6 shippes.
Money is not metal. It is trust inscribed. NIALL FERGUSON.
The Big Bang was not the beginning of the Universe.
We want you to sign a petition, said Mrs. Jellicoe.
The name is Asher Sutton.
I trade with you my mind.
Where cowards never venture, heroes find splendor. So.
Have your chocolate stolen?
Fingers and Thumbs.
Dining room and up the stairs to.
Miles an hour.
But being a child, he’d never been asked for his opinion.
A little while at least.
As long as you love me, I can never die.
Oe led her father out of the pub.
Rats are the most unloved living things on the planet.
Just to check she’s not going out. Going.
Zoe had to do something or she would be roadkill.
With a Spoon?!
Maria Theresa dollar of 1751.
By 1939 the Gulag was the largest employer in Europe.
What humanity fears, it exterminates.
And—we’re all actors by instinct, hams from birth—she.
Loyal people have a mom they think is a saint.
Elohim worked in mysterious ways.
Would rather starve on a penny than work for a pound.
Art destroys the life.
Indignation. Best fuel I know. Never burns out.
Give me smart, young, and angry and I’ll move the world.
Money closes more than mouths, it closes.
The best saints swear fluently.
Space, to use a cliché, is big.
Take what is offered, and that must sometimes be enough.
Catholics get on well with tyranny. It’s in the culture.
Her fear of action was overtaken by her fear of inaction.
She made her resolution. In for a penny, in for a pound.
There is something about words.
My hunger for books was constant.
He knows what reading is. How it takes you.
...a single lupine exhalation could reduce it to rubble.
Earl, his mother a black servant girl—had brought.
The Missus stood like a ghost.
The cat, I remember.
For me, to see is to read. It has always been that way.
It was like living entirely inside a book.
Regretted that he had to comfort me for his own loss.
Why do you come here, Aurelius?
Wall of yew twice.
A few paces behind, I followed him.
Mask of white makeup and the exotic draperies.
Margaret Lea. The biographer.
Anyone would think you’d seen a ghost!
Followed the thread of his voice in the air.
He was the first of my ghosts.
Turn all the mirrors to the wall.
The price they must pay for escaping their destiny.
It was Hester herself, made word.
We’ve been expecting you.
Tightly drawn into a mask of endurance.
We were both lone twins.
That name was Adeline March.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Profusion of fat purple and red cushions.
Not even a ghost could survive here.
Then something rang a bell in his mind. What.
When one is nothing, one invents. It fills a void.
But life’s only worth living if you live.
Had pale scanty hair and an earthy skin;.
Mercy and compassion are all the grace left to us.
Away, and she could carry a bag on each arm, providing.
God asks the most of those he loves best.
Life, oblivious to his grief, continued.
With her husband as she.
Where there is no peace, there are no trees.
Those on the decline always criticize those on the rise.
If there was no imperative, it was not love.
Whimsy is the answer to tears.
We loved life more than the future.
The rest of us lined up for debugging and muumuus.
I was in an acute case of the present tense. P.30.
...his ridiculousness was a form of vitality.
Like the only hummable tune in a difficult opera.
Woe is all I possess. Wagner, Die Walküre.
Minutes after the shootings, everybody’s cell phone rang.
True, but unkind anyway.
Don’t make mournful faces at me, he added.
Today was the day. Every day was the day.
Refusing to look at the evidence, this is also popular.
Every kind of weather is intensified by warming.
King Billy nectaring on the harbinger.
Weeds are job security for the gardener.
All hope and future lost in a day.
People had to manage terrible truths.
Sounding surprised. That’d make a nice hostess gift.
Everyone wants the tallest tree to fall.
Daddy and I got married kind of accidentally.
We seem to be built with a faulty gauge for moderation.
Wardrobe of Denial. Blanchie glanced.
Recreational envy was.
I feared not, and grew accustomed to walking alone.
Every quiet step is thunder to beetle life underfoot.
How could two people in love so misjudge each other?
A vagrant thought crossed my mind.
A peremptory knock on the front door made me jump.
Earth is the home of the living, not the dead.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
... we didn’t have any blankets and.
No threatening the cat! Mr. Snuggly said. No.
Thank you, thank you very much.
We reached the end of the tunnel together, and.
Aubrey looked a little—what? I couldn’t identify it.
Politically correct theory, the one the vamps.
They say there’s no harm in daydreaming, but there is.
But a bloodied stump in its wake. A red.
We all eat lies when our hearts are hungry.
Purged. I learned how to mask the.
One lie spoils a thousand truths.’ –African proverb.
A while. Until about a year.
And then there were the lesbians.
Gie’d her a total riddy.
Means they’ll mostly be Glasgow – and you.
Parked and placed the POLICE sign on the dashboard.
Went to take a look at it. A plaque.
We’ve already eaten,’ Fox said. ‘Nice, was.
Woodwork creaks and out come the freaks, eh?
One was very.
Now is the first day of the rest of your strife.
What happens to sanity when you chain it to a wall?
Morning edition. Unless, of course, the.
Down Where the Drunkards Roll. How.
Scotsman’s way of dealing with death. He’d found.
The club coincided.
Rebus lifted a Guardian.
Smoke rose into the sky in great, juddering pillars. In.
Of venereal soldiers along the way. A more effective.
Others, the story losing.
Amari did as he was told. At.
Forces in Batjan on June 11.61.
Have you ever been in love? For real?
Life was beautiful.
Had craved for friendship and a family for a long.
Here. This party sucked big time, he thundered as.
Sometimes the best plays are performed behind the scenes.
The catsuit would hug her frame like steam on glass.
Sheriff, I’m wanted everywhere—but not by the law.
Beauty can blind you. But it shouldn’t make you stupid.
Legs smooth as silk.
Black Spaniard by the name of Estabanico. He.
Since he preferred to sleep naked as Poseidon.
Eight storage tanks were.
Hung be the Heavens in Scarlet.
It’s just a party, right? What could possibly go wrong?
All the better to bite you, my dear!
I’d so rather be a living snack than dead meat.
For all I know, the guy is Dracula.
Hi, my name is Sunny and I’m a bloodoholic.
Roses are red. Blood is too…
I do not threaten, he assured her.
But what popped up was no girl.
Screwed her courage to the sticking place.
Was suddenly in a panic.
Money is not the secret to happiness.
Where did your clothes go?
Got a better theory?
We designed the house to go with her looks.
ROLLING After the parade.
Her second best friend is her computer.
Maybe not all boys were pains, just American boys.
A watched pot never boils.
Store, such as Bloomingdale’s.
I am never falling in love again! It hurts too much.
No ripping the barre out of the wall.
Bug on the wall.
Kristy smirked at me.
What, said Ruby fatly as she reentered the store.
Honestly, boys can be such pains.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it!
Never cross a river if it is on average four feet deep.
The good is not as good as the absence of bad.
Veritas odium parit—truth brings hatred.
Most feed their obsessions by trying to get rid of them.
You will never fully convince.
Had to rely on messenger services. So a local.
People look for books that support their mental program.
For a theory is a very dangerous thing to have.
The Discovery of France.
Stalin could not have existed in a municipality.
We scorn the abstract; we scorn it with passion.
We know a lot more what is wrong than what is right.
The future ain’t what it used to be, Berra.
The Black Swan is what we leave out of simplification.
We build toys. Some of those toys change the world.
Black Swan Is Relative to Knowledge.
Innovation is saying no to 1,000 things.
Joan of Arc.
If you think, you stink.
Creativity involves missteps and imperfections.
There is no growth or success without change. For.
Obligated to be honest somehow.
The Art of Animation.
The Sword of Damocles, after the Greek myth.
Keep on going, even when things look bleak.
Easy isn’t the goal. Quality is the goal.
The relationship must come first or it will not last.
Change starts with awareness.
You have enough courage to face even your greatest fear.
If you achieve perfection, you die.
The Once and Future King. By T. H. White.
I love you, Mikhail, all of you, even the beast in you.
Gregori pointed out.
When you don’t know what to do, stand still.
Grief does strange things to people.
I need to kiss you. I know. I feel it too.
Figuring her out was fast becoming an obsession.
She wanted to walk into the night and disappear.
As we are in life; we are in death. Life to life.
To bring about the downfall of.
The sweetness had gone so quickly from her.
Clawing at my heart all these years.
Dumber than a box full of rocks.
It was a closely held family.
Talked to Allie today? Is there.
Truck driver, but mostly earning.
You couldn’t hit the ball with a steam iron today.
She’s about as deep as an Arizona mud puddle.
Hey, Mimi. Did that homophobe lady bring any dessert?
Picked up sandwiches and chips.
Newspapers over his face.
Why was Weeks virtually.
Purse, was steady.
That was April.
Lot of money over.
Using pressure points to unlock his grip.
Our most revolutionary political act is to hope.
There is no politics that isn’t ultimately religious.
Education is most fundamentally a matter of formation.
Sometimes you just gotta dance it out.
She has a point, Liege.
Past is immutable. Only the future can be written.
Are you ready for this, Sentinel?
It’s always darkest before the dawn.
Thank you for the gift of this wonderful day.
Intuit higher meanings in these mysterious happenings.
Eat, drink, and be merry in this season of joy.
Being grateful. That’s the first step to the path of joy.
Beguile us in the way you know, poet Robert Frost.
We all wish to be loved alone.
Pilcher lies on the gurney, blinking at the lights.
Life’s short. Don’t be mad. It’s a waste of time.
Everything that can happen will happen. Everything.
I paint my life with words.
He felt like the true translation of himself again.
I’m smiling on the inside.
Good. She smiles. Then I’ll postpone freaking out.
Is there a fate worse than being halfway evil?
A little comb to brush her luxurious red hair.
Just dozens and dozens of black windows into devastation.
Theresa wipes her face and turns away from the window.
Then silence rushed in.
How did one carry on in the face of such knowledge?
Let my affection for my boys carry me on.
Shanna’s words hung in the air like a crooked painting.
There is no decent place to stand in a massacre.
No dream without the nightmare.
What am I missing, Abby?
Eyes you can fall into and keep falling.
I heard something up ahead.
Is it safe?
I don’t want you to, but I need you to.
There was darkness everywhere human beings gathered.
Fear suddenly wore him like a glove.
Still he’d only missed his Bronco by a few hundred feet.
Pope just smiled. Don’t even think about leaving town.
Run, Scott hissed. They’re coming.
She took him by the hand and led him over.
Everything that can happen will happen.
Wandering off to bars.
Slave camp?21 He was far from alone in.
Nothing makes you feel more beautiful than a sari.
War exists notwithstanding all our efforts to avoid it.8.
War is our only recourse. There is no other remedy.
Meticulousness is the better part of serendipity.
Insinuating approach a child molester would use? If you.
Trickle of water fell between.
Were altered and aggrandised by enormous fantasy.
Therapy, a quick assuagement. But there.
Personal affront and, in a way, a desecration.
Aglow with light from Room.
Tell them all this? Wexford had no idea. Because.
In case anyone might think I was snooping.
Stanley looked at him truculently.
An early harbinger of the winter to come. Stanley.
This would be a feather in its cap.
Hair, oiled and satiny.
Caspian burst into gales of laughter. I suppose you were.
Stanley was affable, even considerate.
Was it possible people were heavier dead than alive?
We should get over it.
Answer him. He and the sergeant went to the head.
For. One of its headlamps was broken and its chrome rim.
Newer here? There were no dense brambles.
I’d never really.
This deadly body of mine can dance, too.
You will have the benefit of my experiences in Italy.
Grace, Chloe’s friend.
Don’t believe that your history is your destiny.
God loves me unconditionally, and I receive His love!
Remember that a negative mind produces a negative life.
We have to be willing to lay aside our own desires.
Imperfect, but Perfectly Loved.
The pathway to change is to renew your mind.
Words are powerful and should not be spoken frivolously.
Those who are easily offended and touchy are insecure.
God Sees the Good in You.
Hope in the Lord.
Everything that God calls us to do, He will help us do.
God has a perfect timing for everything. You.
Holy Spirit concerning the work He is doing in your life.
We can complain and remain, or praise and be raised.
God will provide for all of my needs.
Love is grieved at injustice.
The gifts we have are placed in us for other people.
God has graciously planned a good life for you to live.
Instead of assuming the worst, believe the best. Jesus.
Nothing good happens accidentally.
Our words contain the power of life and death.
Life Isn’t Fair, but God Is Faithful.
Himself has said, I will not in any way fail you nor give.
The Foundation for Security.
God is for you and has a great plan for your life.
Your girl needs to be spanked, Lance.
Just walked away.
God will not free us until we free others.
It wasn’t because.
Got the itch to write, back in the early.
Those Mormons had sure been bottle slingers!
Backed his horse in the street after the last wagon.
Muscle. They didn’t expect any problem with.
Bring himself to leave her, even when.
Wheel cast his eyes over the gauges. Out of gas.
They only knew.
To search for another handhold. A.
Hire you to make sure that doesn’t happen.
By Matt Jensen, who had himself.
People have already wanted me to work.
Saloon. They received a glance.
Organize and complete Mr.
Yeah, well, the future is never fair. Just inevitable.
School taught him how much he loved being home.
His favorite book, by an ancient sage.
You need sandals, bro. You’ll catch gingivitis!
The price of security is insecurity.
The Titans were gone. They had clashed their last.
I guess god really does have it in for us sinners.
Love makes the time pass, but time makes love pass, too.
Guilt is a gorgeous girl but nobody wants her.
Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.
Be still. Be silent. Find the center of yourself.
Passion for a pursuit was the best feeling.
Sometimes desperation can look a lot like bravery.
The main boy—the one who was calling the shots—pushed.
Caitlin, I was born to worry about you.
Precision in language was the key to clarity. Specificity.
Walking again. But being inconspicuous on.
Remember the love.
A fight was never about the thing being fought over.
I’m still figuring out who I am when I’m single. Fair.
He was a hopeless romantic.
Louche, wearing a gauzy neck scarf and.
Wake up & Smell The Hot Chocolate ! ~ Eddie Havens.
One afternoon, she went to Washington Square.
Being paralyzed is a condition. Being angry is a choice.
Having a Mac all to himself was pretty amazing.
Step softly—a dream lies buried here.
A broken heart doesn’t care how the love got lost.
You are only as good as you are today.
You should not do What you don’t want your children to do.
A big problem is a small problem That was never handled.
Teach your children To live their own lives.
Douglass gave voice to the reality of social death.
The result will be the expansion of government.
Always we live on islands of one kind or another.
Fear, the devil’s holy water.
There was indeed fear in hoping.
Most unhappiness springs from conflict or grief.
We must use a firm hand.
You should be proud of your enchantments!
Truly a wife is God’s gift.
To be ME, Merewyn. These.
If no love is, ah God, what feel I so?
And Mike’s promised to come.’ Doreen.
Two back doors close to each.
Looked like a small sea of quicksilver was flowing.
They just won’t listen, and.
True—eating the right foods, the ones we’ve.
Art and Fear by David Bayles and Ted Orland.
There’s a lot of.
Bacon is the meth of meats.
Hand pump. It emitted a faint grayish smoke.
She was ditching Facebook and going back to real books.
On your hands. First prong. To reopen.
Eric turned the corner onto his old.
Bennie tried to keep her face forward.
What got you into rowing? Declan covered.
She had trained him to think she didn’t need him.
Bennie wiped her greasy fingers on a napkin.
When I told him my idea for this motion, even.
Mine. Oh, I mean that as a compliment.
Me. Jesus, it’s all over the news, right? Bennie.
Knees, but they evaporated as the boat picked.
Judy woke up on her back in the parking lot.
Gestured to an empty chair.
To Ned, will you. Carry on.
What’s the matter? I’m not ready.
The room? Why am I not surprised?
Please, detective, you were saying.
Any victory won that way would be Pyrrhic.
Bail Commissioner Holloway banged his.
Hannah was out of earshot, then turned to Caitlin.
I’m a sociopath. I look normal, but I’m not. I’m smarter.
She set down the glass, palmed the.
Cluster C liked everything to stay the same, forever.
Liked the evil in themselves too much to be trusted.
Horror flooded his face. Oh, Christ!
Yes, she whispered.
Hharm lunged forth. My son! Without.
The Shitstorm Survivors’ Club. Christ.
You would put your tongue here— Xcor.
Assail picked that moment to scream again—which.
You are more astounding than even my daydreams.
I wasn’t about to leave my brother behind. —.
Being left behind was a special kind of loss. —.
Hurt—ever. But especially not like that. God, he.
Go, he thought. Shooting across.
Come on. I’m stuffed, so I need that ice cream now.
It was finally, after all these years… Blay.
He sold the business but kept the corner block building.
I’m dreaming of a white Christmas, they sang.
It was Chaos on Glitter Ice. A massacre of librarians.
Staff are terrified of them, and not without reason.
In a roundabout way, Boba Fett created Pearl Jam.
Sometimes I want to unknow things.
The future is always impossible.
Well, that’s how it always seems, until it doesn’t.
My name is Bane. Bane of the Sith.
And it dies never knowing where the attack came from.
Seen the Emperor’s original Death Star as.
She also noted.
Yes, they’d lost. But it was just a battle, not the war.
Each other for a whole month; and we.
Prayer and persistence, the good Lord will provide.
That’s my clever girl.
Girls running around this old.
Hand. Care to explain.
Time is a great circle;.
He said, where there is love, there is my grace.
The dead might bleed, but they never cry.
Set out to net him. She had her godmother and his.
That he really had suffered.
What she had.
Played any sort of game. Ten.
There was many a slip twixt cup and lip.
With a cluster of other servants.
The ladies perhaps had the advantage in the sheer size of.
Negativity could be frighteningly contagious. Even.
More annoying than her general righteousness. But Camille.
Studied its architecture and intricate decoration.
The slightest noise.
Following spring to find himself a.
Life is fraught with risks.
...discretion will generally keep a fella safe.
God is what you do, not what you believe in.
Peace, that’s all I’m after.
The only end some things have is the end you give em.
This land looks dreamt, willed, potent.
An idea that nobody is born to be a failure.
He ducked his head around the corner he saw that he.
Everybody is Other in Maupin.
It made him feel like a mom, ineffectual and sexless.
Ben’s chances in the campaign.
The only reason why any of you’s still around.
The Gift of Acabar by Og Mandino.
Only a habit can subdue another habit. So.
The creation of a thousand forests is in a single acorn.
GREATEST SALESMAN IN THE WORLD.
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse. Hafid.
I will form good habits and become their slave.
Grace would be a poor host indeed to exclude anyone.
Only the fearful mind goes to catastrophic fantasies.
The Tao does not separate, but enfolds.
Lighten up and do what makes you happy.
Your happiness is more of a blessing than your pain.
Forced change is not true change;.
The list of ways that others bother us is endless.
Happiness correlates with reasonable expectations.
My definition of wealth has varied across the years.
Resilience is built by attention and intention.
Desire to heal.
We don’t see the world as it is, but rather as we are.
Everything interesting happens at borders.
Culture doesn’t make it easy to sort through this issue.
The Ability to Love New People.
Intentionality, or Being Thoughtful about Choices.
The Ability to Calm Down.
Ambition and Initiative.
The Ability to Pay Attention.
Attributes of Resilience Future Orientation.
Attributes of resilience.
Energy and Good Health.
And he wanted to march right in there and do it again.
Now, and it’s not the one that.
The way around the beginning.
Which had been.
Waved his hand palm down with.
Every day with you? Come on.
In the end, what would Michele’s life be? A.
Reality abides in the eyes.
Caitlin’s ambition is like a third person in the car.
You ever read American Tabloid, by James Ellroy?
Down to brass tacks. What have you.
The naïveté of human beings is truly breathtaking.
Lot. She saw a guy carrying a small suitcase out.
Carefully negotiated his way.
Fervent, will not cure the afflicted. Nor.
There is always something.
Into another identity. And I.
PET scan and gene therapy. I need you.
Path of least resistance, or the walk over hot coals.
A military base, to check out the story.
When the Asian face was illuminated.
Diffident voice. You’re not going to believe this.
Change my conviction.
A glacier consumes whole forests by inches.
No one is useless who can pray, my sister.
You and I...have lived many lives.
Other people. At about seven minutes past.
Keep your eyes open. Suspend judgment. Be useful.
Embassy Row in Washington, D.C., the summer I turned.
Why is there Something instead of Nothing?
If you only make it up, you never have to live it down.
The official hypocrisy was that all were still.
You can’t fix stupid.
Leave that little problem to Lieutenant Ellis.
What’s the field like? Finch.
A cretin is a high level moron.
All warfare is based on deception.
The liter bottle of local Cruzan gold rum she.
Myself as an officer and a.
Connected in any.
Was in a gentle bank.
The end, he, too, was returned to Argentina.
Where is our weeping.
January 1950, Secretary of.
Know, McCoy said. But he didn’t protest.
And quickly smoothed down. He checked.
Senior officer presumed to be a better judge of.
Consequently, if we should get lucky.
McInerney said. Weston looked at him in confusion.
Be pleased to have you join.
McCoy. It was also pretty clear.
You can’t tell what a warrior looks like.
War is the way that gods breed cowards.
Closing it for her after she was seated.
Horsemen ignored both the right and the left flanks.
A snake can shed its skin but it still remains a snake.
Drove his new customized Tesla.
Mohammad, left a lot to be desired.
Toward the truck. Sam shoved.
And a hooked nose. His skin was the color of weak tea.
Laboratory, then waved Hagen.
O’Connor packed up.
She turned his.
Am I finally addressing a sentient being?
Sheets, carefully taped together, forming a triptych.
The protein wrap is known as a capsid. The.
Hanging out with you is like an extra job.
This point, the uzis believed that even the nicest bulls.
They were tucking into big plates of bacon and eggs.
My name is Slither.
Failed. I’m weary—weary.
She was holding the Starblade. It was Alice.
Mine was the shortest.
For each of us there is a Jordan we will not cross. Once.
Das wird sich alles finden. Everything will be okay.
I feel so much I hardly feel anything at all.
Questions are effective persuasive devices.
A giver might admit the mistake and move on.
Fire, by its nature, both creates and destroys.
Thank you for a lovely weekend. They tell me it rained.
That he knew of the Mumbai police’s reputation.
Oh, my! Well ... that.
They constituted the list of names her mother and.
Laughed and so did Hannah. They were.
A lock is only as good as the door.
Ingredient, chocolate. I know.
For her to.
Why doesn’t the universe spin?
Haze condensed into Campbell. The reason he was lopsided.
He went to rub his eyes and missed.
These tests, though, were making her feel like a moron.
Some of us are silent sufferers of a noisy disease.
Marriageability was the original title of The Harvest.
While the world worlds up at us. I.
For peace of mind I will lie about any thing at any time.
Intelligence Gathering and Crime Analysis.
Skepticism is always a good first response.
All vampires are brothers in the brotherhood of night!
Success is the bridge between insanity and credibility.
Ah, sleep, clothe me in thy velvet cloak.
Jealousy, that diseased crow pecking at your heart.
Stones from the River, Ursula Hegi.
May their having each other make more of them both.
What is memory but another narrative form?
Other people don’t exist when you’re not with them.
Decorated with the.
On the Cancer Frontier.
Walked everywhere. He hated getting rides.
Promoted to captain and given command of a company.
Coincidence they’re there. They don’t seem.
Is that cancer curable or just treatable.
In the heart of the city? Mr. Gordon Creighton.
Fear holds on. Love lets go. Yes.
The years grew over that embrace like a vine.
That’s either powerfully romantic.
Engineering, this is ops! Status report!
Time is the fire in which we burn.
Spock! Do you have a plan?
Never a dull day in Starfleet.
An ‘appeal to authority’ is a form of logical fallacy.
Sugar and fat a socially acceptable drugs.
Loving a child was humbling.
A parent’s approval always mattered, regardless of age—.
Created the first fake company approximately.
This is the way sisters have.
Constant budget crises, the going rate for protecting.
The parchment is hairy.
No. Honour hath not skill in surgery, then? No.
There are no haunted houses...only haunted people.
Name for Manchester was Mamucio, after the.
The price of fuel may have tipped the balance.
Measure what matters, make better decisions.
Me doubt that my interest was shared.
Shaggy coat, and its stance made.
I should have had to look under its.
I was curious to know whether it still had its testicles.
Elected officials deposed each other by lawsuits.
They are God’s liturgy, prepared for you in advance. How.
Sin is not rational.
Hope will only grow in the ground of humility.
Side by side is most suitable for helping. We.
I guess it’s that time of month.
One’s true family is defined not by DNA but by love. In.
Detective, in a blazer and oxford.
And for a moment she was left blessedly alone.
Gilding her hair. Her bow glides across.
Every human on this earth had secrets.
Would have said, Not too hot.
Cohen was so shallow it was almost a talent.
Armenians have more imagination than Mohammedans.
Out of this nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety.
Nearly mad before you cleaned.
Bernard’s had ‘is hand.
Often, too, they would slip half a.
There are great days ahead!
Couldn’t be persuaded to part with him.
Hold of a cow’s nose for me he would say solemnly.
Felt drained. Watching the life of the.
With trust, everything is possible.
Sit at the table, seek challenges and lean in.
What would I do if I weren’t afraid? And then go do it.
Of the basic laws of economics and common.
We are a new generation and we need a new approach.
What would I do if I weren’t afraid?
Owning one’s success is key to achieving more success.
Wanting to improve is not a sign of weakness.
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?
In business, being risk averse can result in stagnation.
I will sometimes feel this awful.
We are participating in His actual work.
Pure truth is possible, but pure falsehood is not.
His total refusal to be tempted by the prostitute.
God said it, that settles it.
The meaning of life is to become a saint.
Jungians call the collective unconscious.
I will not serve—.
Even biologists rank species in a hierarchical order.
Aristotle also believed that a vacuum was impossible.
Is part of the infinite goodness of God, that He.
The family that fights together stays together.
Faith is like a rock; feelings are like waves.
Disbelief is a sin, but honest unbelief is not.
Tempting is not forcing.
It’s like a government agency that really works.
We forgive those who trespass.
Learning to pray is dress rehearsal for eternal life.
We catch the good infection of Godliness by contact.
He rewards our efforts with peace and joy.
Property of the U.S.
Singing is of course a form of aggression.
Time. Some of my friends think that Finn is cracked, but.
The storm which blew me out of my past eased off.
We call them feelings because we feel them.
Pheromones are Earth’s primordial idiom.
He was sure that police box hadn’t been there before.
Are there rules?
Street towards Covent Garden. There was.
The truth is useless if no one can hear it.
When the girl disappeared among the.
You can’t miss what you never had.
The instant her foot touched the driveway, like.
Don’t live a smaller life than you deserve.
Easier isn’t always best.
What does it all.
He’d disposed of her corpse by feeding it to the hogs.
Your mother spreads herself for camels.
I don’t sleep, have not slept in sixteen years—.
My crime seemed destined to remain a secret forever.
The Turks have dreary jails.
Attract attention. And if they did get out a cry.
I heard the pitter patter of little old feet.
Melrose Diner, South Philly, tomorrow at nine A.M.
.....a wedding is just a party by another name.
In the community were concerned about her designs.
Up his end of the task, whaling away.
I’m just a sinner saved by grace.
Future events cast their shadow before them.
But rather bemused, as if this whole.
Nothing done in Jesus’ name is wasted.
You need to ferret out these weasels.
For with God nothing will be impossible.
Father, sometimes in the situations.
Campbell said something else.
He is at my right hand, that I may not be shaken.
MAY 1895 HARPER’S STATION, TEXAS Claire Nevin.
A child of his heart, not of his blood.
2 Nicole gnawed on her lip as she pressed her back.
Yet it was her inner light that captured him most.
If all else fails, pillage the fridge.
Who must do the harsh things? He who can.
Dying is the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do.
Fairness and gender rarely intersected.
Tinder was like tequila—fun today, sad tomorrow.
I was supposed to have a son.
Not boots, not shoes, not sneakers, not even Tevas—.
And a smile with a missing tooth. I was an adorable.
I need scarcely point out.
History is neither for excuses nor for revenge.
But it does not want.
History is neither for excuses nor for revenge 1.
We have no word for Nation in our language.
And they prayed for him.
Darkness, you bring in the light.
Longer than it was necessary or productive to do so.
The story was no longer important to tell.
Possibilities You have in store for me.Today.
Thinking that I had done something.
What if forgiving my mother also means forgiving myself?
Humor. Where’s Rennie? Not much.
She kissed his eyebrow. Not I.
Crowd in the.
Tetanus, and neither.
Meal congealing in white pasteboard containers. The.
She heard the rustle of the tarp beneath him.
Died. But he couldn’t take the.
Drunkenness, she had discovered.
Bad things happen when you least expect them.
Son of a beaver biscuit…
Never hide who you are.
Good rice sticks together.
Orange blossom honey is the boss.
He had tried to smile, but it was broken.
To the guy in the leather jacket.
Promise you that, mister!
Nobody is safe. Ever. Anywhere.
Because not all weakness has to be weakness.
Event was; she’d witnessed.
We need a lift!
Don’t miss CAST IN HONOR!
Kaylin swiveled in her chair.
Worse, she never hesitated to play the depression card to.
If you don’t sin, Jesus died for nothing.
Eddie touched a troll.
Syria was one of the most dangerous places on Earth.
The massive doors found in hospital rooms. It seemed.
Do was blink his eyes a few times and he.
A stab in the dark sometimes brought blood.
Excitement of it. He’d been the golden boy.
As the morning wore on, she was grateful.
She shook her head, as if she couldn’t.
She was holding her breath, waiting to start living.
We are friends to Death, but not His servants.
Who told you that the world was just?’ Elric.
Emotions are useless during business hours...
Even now that I’d learned i wasn’t human.
Going somewhere, little lovers?
I’ve learned to be fine with not knowing.
Thomas Merton’s Thoughts in Solitude.
Diversity in no way implies chaos or error.
Grace grows best in winter.
...with no morning the day is sold.
Power comes from becoming change.
He was aware that alone a person is almost nothing.
Courage is demanded not to attack when afraid.
PARENTS FIRST MET they were.
So long awaited that its coming was a shock.
My mind disappears behind desperate terror.
This is not the way to the City!
Great Heart went boldly forward.
What is he collecting them for?
I wish we had not followed him! Let us run away.
James and Joseph held each other by the hand.
The children supposed that he was a pilgrim.
Met him the day after.
I am glad I have caught up with you.
His mother was standing before him.
Hopeful kept close to him.
The children helped each other as much as they could.
It is no use wasting our time.
Always meant to run away someday.
What is it like?
The tears came into Christiana’s eyes.
Forty thousand of them. It was a.
Proceeded to clear a way to the hall. Once.
We produce nothing but our act of faith.
Politically speaking, ours is an age of the pygmies.
Over the past thirty years we have thrown all this away.
Insecurity breeds fear. And fear—fear of change, fear of.
Restriction upon autonomy and initiative.
They convey neither conviction nor authority.
The Reich must need socks.
And the post office, where he waits in interminable.
Disgrace is not to fall but to lie.
Everybody has misplaced someone.
Book not so much full of birds as full of evanescence.
Looking to salvage one shining thing from the mire.
Somewhere in the ruins above them, the cats are howling.
How do you ever know that you are doing the right thing?
Only through the harshest tests can God’s chosen rise.
At dusk they pour from the sky.
Says, Consider a single piece glowing in your.
Tanks and trucks over the same roads.
Have been friends. A reality more pleasant than.
Who stood by as the consequences.
Below shows itself very clearly for a moment, and.
Time of World War II. The narration.
Open your eyes before they close forever.
Closes one cup of the headphones over an ear. He nods.
When he turns to go, the perfumer’s.
Single candle. He slides the jack under.
Lambs and rabbits; Claude buckles the meat into.
Weaker moments, he.
Rainwater purls from cloud to roof to eave.
She whispers, A whelk.
We are dust only after all our water evaporates.
Out there people chase questions of great importance.
Every cell in a dying body winks out at its own pace.
What the war did to dreamers.
Should be a wall, her hands find.
He waits a long time. The captain reviews the fingernails.
The sky drops silver threads of sleet.
We live in exceptional times.
Walls, the upturned cars, the barking dogs, the.
Every timidity eventually turns into regret.
It is the obliviousness of our children that saves us.
Father shoves things into what.
...push back the hood of grief...
Gone or resolved to go; is there much difference?
One with a rifle and the other wearing headphones.
We are a volley of bullets, we are cannonballs.
Everyone should behave as if he carries the real thing.
Silence is the fruit of occupation.
Vitrine. Upstairs his wife runs a vacuum cleaner; he can.
Everyone trapped in their roles.
What you could be.
Potatoes at six o’clock, Marie. Mushrooms at three. Now?
The right thing? There is pride, too.
The voice seems to echo in the architecture of his head.
Do we choose who we love?
What the war did to the dreamers.
I hear they give out poisoned chocolate.
I am only alive because I have not died.
To really touch something, is to love it.
The war drops its question mark.
Straining insects above a roadside ditch.
Speed, to hear their skates clapping along, then.
Her fingers walk the tightropes of sentences;.
He blinks; he has to swallow back tears.
Smoldering skeletons of the seafront.
Pilaster, probably meant to anchor a.
Stirs the fire below them with a steel pole; a.
Every process must by law decay.
Harold Bazin loves to talk.
He blinks; he has to swallow back tears. The parlor.
This window here, a boy once yelled, Watch.
Still night. Still early.
Benediction. Below the window, on one of the bastioned.
Crack. Pause. Crack. Pause. Then the long scream as the.
The latrine is apocalyptic.
Hand dies within a week. No, no, if you hold it, you.
They say, Disgrace is not to fall but to lie. They.
Every rumor carries a seed of truth, Etienne. All.
The universe is full of fuel.
Fill your lungs. Beat your heart.
Fog on the sea, fog in the streets, fog in the mind.
Prosperity depends on ferocity.
The coast, irregular.
The unforeseen does not exist.
I wanted to propose marriage.
Because there is no map for where we are going...
He was dressed in a plaid bathrobe and bunny slippers.
And, of course, Kevin Smith.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Wondering what challenges awaited me inside.
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.
She grinned and shook her head. Chaotic Neutral, sugar.
I was too weird, even for the weirdos.
Getting outside is highly overrated.
Get your hands on all this moolah?
My bullet bill this month was going to be huge.
Final scene of Anorak’s Invitation, by the way.
Glenmorangie. On the rocks.
And then it was on like Red Dawn.
Something Daito had left to me in his will.
So these aliens, they really have Glaive Fighters?
First aid kit.
He wasn’t dead!
The guy had no sense of decorum.
He chuckled softly. I wanted to sock him in the face.
The sorts of movies my late father had been nuts about.
Flash of silver as the craft streaked laterally.
We’d connected on a purely mental level.
The hour draws near!
What they are is hopeful.
Makes me want to tweak reality’s gamma slider.
After Anonymous brought in its Real Name Policy. They.
The angel muttered, Oh, no, a rationalist.
What life does to us depends on what life finds in us.
Edwards would never divorce the mind and the heart.
Life is what we are alive to.
Wisdom will guide us and guard us in our daily walk.
Impatience is a mark of immaturity.
The basis for this fellowship is brotherly love.
In death they were alone with their love.
Nearly all the vessels we saw were war craft.
I’ll bet you’re some looker when you’re dolled up!
Monuments of historic achievement.
Native army, which it used.
Pint of champagne.
Walled fields and low, rambling buildings, presenting.
Directly to the apartments of his old friend.
Unfailing courtesy and willingness to be of service.
I never knew my father, my mother was an ape.
My longing was beyond the power of opposition;.
Love denied a childish heart that yearns for love. Little.
You have to smile at idiots and children.
His scent like leather and fresh wind.
I closed the door behind me, while life went on.
Punctuality is for people with nothing better to do.
Don’t mess with a wizard when he’s wizarding!
Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is a jar.
That underlay the city of Chicago.
Guru in the Ukraine.
Trials and half a dozen smaller.
Please, help me. Young werewolves in love.
I gritted my teeth and got out of Butters’s car.
Bullies either. He’d be glad to have.
Dressed in black slacks and a grey silk shirt, and.
Punishment and revenge are two different things.
Looking up at the stars and smoking in silence.
Follow them, said Goewin, and listen. So he did.
What was true then is true now. Have a plan. Stick to it.
Outside a pale dawn threaded the sky with silver.
Of bronze about.
A fool and his money are easily parted.
And Wessex was the last kingdom of England.
Wyrd bi ful aræd, fate is unstoppable.
Different ways. Some to Spain, others to.
For what? the Lord of Douglas demanded. For.
You don’t buy a dog and bark yourself.
We were dressed for war, and war was coming.
Anything that comes from the north is bad news.
You can’t take a city without shedding blood.
Says so in the scriptures.
He won’t be happy, I said happily.
I ignored Waldhere and still spoke.
They’re praying to ham bones, ham bones! The blessed pig!
Certainly strip him of his petty.
Our oaths.’ He advanced down the path.
Poor as an honest lawyer.
The rocketmen ran for cover. The missiles.
For Arthur, at last, had come.
Ground, then drank some and fancied it.
Putting a cat into a stable doesn’t make it a horse.
Moderation in the pursuit of liberty is no virtue;.
My rosebush shouts beauty to the world.
But bhe who restrains his lips is wise.
Joshua represents a type of Christ in name and in deed.
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God.
Anxiety is blatant distrust of the power and love of God.
18The LORD ais near to the bbrokenhearted.
The father shall make known Your truth to the children.
29When He gives quietness, who then can make trouble?
And a gentle tongue breaks a bone.
The hallmark of grace is an obedient heart.
But a prudent wife is from the LORD.
For God had given him very much property.
The basement of a bar.
Everything else is temptation.
God is always present in love and in suffering.
Sin is the self curved in on the self.
A great comfort faith can be to those left behind.
The old die softly or the old die hard.
And the sight.
She stood motionless like that for.
Love trumped principle. Paola tossed out these things.
Hard on a curve and lost control of the.
With renewing his offer of.
Hostages to fortune.
The discovery of speed.
His eyes were all policeman.
The warmth and smell he associated with.
Locked his fingers on the arm of his.
Noah. I have.
World won’t shed a tear.
He laughed at that. ‘You’re.
Robert Goddard, the father of American rocket science.
And contained Maxual instead.
To be found?’ ‘You’re suggesting.
Not say and Max had known better than to ask.
Nick wasn’t sure what he thought about.
For this one night, the less he cared, the more he made.
You are what your record says you are.
A chamomile chaser to Jane’s vodka and sarcasm shooter.
Protect and served, lunch—SFPD motto.
And without guilt and dread, who am I?
Chrysler and stood him up behind the Ford, where.
Wirot held up his card, and the.
Change comes through action.
Justice favors the favored sons.
Oh, that’s heinous fuckery most foul, said Kona.
War is the lifeblood of this merchant republic.
One suit for the White Devil! in Mandarin.
A question asked in earnest, deserves an earnest answer.
Heartbreak is the natural habitat of the Beta Male.
My experience weighs on me far more than my years show.
But he’d managed to get his hands on a big estate.
But there was no need. For at that.
That’s Frank Master’s hand, he remarked.
Buss him on.
Now she couldn’t quite remember the face of the boy whose.
Learning requires inefficiency.
Consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
The messenger is the message. Of.
Anything too stupid to be spoken, he asserted, is sung.
Force is an ill broom to sweep anything clean with.
Questions can be more dangerous than swords.
Kelly is kind of cute.
There’s the idolatry I know and avoid.
There is beauty in the written word.
And I got to choose him back.
He said, Don’t, and walked away.
My malt brings all the boys to the vestibule.
I have so much to say, so of course I say nothing.
Joe was Joe was Joe.
Nulla dies felix—call no day fortunate till it be ended.
What did we want with an Empire! It.
But charity begins surely with the char!
Might not know art but they knew what they liked.
—I envy Christ, he had a disease named after him.
The train was sunlit and emptier.
Book of Revelation.
Active habit involving an exertion of will.
Confused begging of some philosophical question.
When you know that you know persecution comes easy.
I always used to read aloud to her in the evenings--.
The best lies stay close to the truth.
Time had sneaked in and stolen her recklessness.
Nothing good would come from anticipating failure.
One of the children lived.
It’s never good when a tree screams.
Maeve could have lost a race with a tree.
Hands could be such expressive things.
You really catch a pig in the dark?
I didn’t want you to leave.
Royce wanted to stab him.
Family. The greatest loyalty after God.
Inside suffering is the seed of change.
Things are never as good or as bad as they seem.
Much more productive to focus on eat and train.
Work on the deficiencies you’re most embarrassed by.
NetLimiter con Windows.
«How to Find Your Purpose and Do What You Love.».
Qué genios tan torturados son. No me convence…
About Face, de David H. Hackworth. Otro.
Failure is highly underrated.
Risks weren’t that scary once you took them.
Bliss is the highest peak of what brings you joy.
The disease of our times is that we live on the surface.
The opposite of happiness is—here’s the clincher—boredom.
What is the opposite of happiness? Sadness? No.
The Art of Possibility, de Rosamund Stone Zander.
You need to build your own house, your own shelter.
#1—What if I did the opposite for 48 hours?
Write everything down because it’s all very fleeting.
Wine is a grocery, not a luxury.
#3—When in doubt, starve it of oxygen.
Changing on the Job.
Diversity in counsel, unity in command. –Cyrus the Great.
Create slack, as no one will give it to you.
Strength is a skill, and, as such, it must be practiced.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
It was called Nine Gates Mystery School.
Be the silence that listens. –Tara Brach.
Don’t believe everything you think. –BJ Miller, MD.
Alison Gopnik’s Scientist in the Crib.
The Meaning of Culture by John Cowper Powys.
Out of Control by Kevin Kelly.
Celebrate the childlike mind. Steve Jurvetson.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. –Mae West.
The Barefoot Investor by Scott Pape.
Memories, Dreams, Reflections by Carl Jung.
Avoid compulsively making things worse.
Ego is about who’s right. Truth is about what’s right.
Information without emotion isn’t retained.
A Lonely Place Is an Unmotivated Place.
Earn with your mind, not your time.
True fulfillment comes from love of the process.
Throw it all up on the wall and see what sticks.
Lack of time is actually lack of priorities. Take.
Being busy is not the same as being productive.
Mysteries are not necessarily miracles.
Truth is that which has predictive power.
There are no statues erected to critics.
May all of your creations have just the right flavor.
A hypocrite is a person who—but who isn’t? —DON MARQUIS I.
Excitement is the more practical synonym for happiness.
The stars will never align.
Everyone struggles. Take solace in that.
Love of bustle is not industry. —SENECA.
Way of Life app.
Listening is about being present, not just being quiet.
Bad dog. Hit yourself with a newspaper and cut it out.
Life is too short to be busy.
Everything popular is wrong.
Interest and Energy Are Cyclical.
If you can’t measure it, you can’t improve it.
The Conquest of Happiness.
The Power of Persuasion by Robert Levine. The.
What you seek is seeking you.
When you complain, nobody wants to help you.
In negotiation, he who cares the least wins. He.
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
Adopting Fuhrman’s theory, the.
Repeated to me personally, that he.
When in doubt, use brute force.
Even at this stage of life, I don’t.
Me, me, me is dull, dull, dull.
Wealth is what you accumulate, not what you spend. How.
I don’t own big hats, but I have a lot of cattle.
Dog Soldier Raid at New Scandinavia—1869.
Key West has become an imitation of its former self.
Stay loyal to those who love you.
The first six days of his life.
For those who never give up.
Dated to the ninth.
I gave in, and admitted that God was God. C. S. Lewis.
Syllables. He told Schlichtmann he.
In late 2007 the august New York Times.
The only person who could protect my time was me.
When we see each other’s scars, we love each other more.
Ban the mirror. It cannot reflect how much you are loved.
Front courtyard of his house. In an inner courtyard.
When one is lonely, one does foolish things.
Well as street vendors crying their wares. The mob had.
I was torn between anger and amusement.
Most, even at my young age of nine and twenty, and the.
A gentleman does not openly work for pay, does he?
Pugilist who won every match was dull, she.
And the Daughter.
Primicerius? He was young, it was.
Passions overwhelm reason time and again.
A wealth of information means a poverty of attention.
Using a home computer, or commuting. On average.
Shapes those feelings.
Others and the world.
Gossip sometimes becomes a reality for some.
At the end of the day, trust is everything.
Harshly, the first shift in a demeanor that Bauer.
Jesus, some thought, would get a new lawyer.
Mimi Garcia’s little brother.
You know Mimi Garcia had a little brother? he.
It’s a vacation rental. Transient. People come and go.
It’s funny to love someone so much that it hurts.
Maybe she had.
Mean, not for the same reason, Birdy.
The lie would grow into a disease. Cancer, probably.
Tape and handed her the water.
What’s that kid’s story? Hayden asked.
The missing class gerbils.
The wood was smooth.
She slipped in behind two.
Collecting evidence, Adler.
A barely tolerable world became unbearable.
Past colliding with present promised disaster.
…because one who knows not how to seek will never find…
To die with style, live in the Baroque.
Alamut could be reached only astride eagles.
Amparo was conquered, and I felt a twinge of jealousy.
That was when I saw the Pendulum.
Americans and Irish. Separated by a common language.
Behaving never got anybody anywhere fun.
Being herself was extraordinary enough.
I guess this is where they send the abortions that live.
We are the bride of the Prince of Peace!
Big is not the goal. Christ revealed is the goal.
JESUS IS NOT unhealthy. Not codependent with us.
Are you doing what you ask others to do?
Some people inspire us more than others do.
Their success is more important to you than your success.
Understanding changes minds. Action changes lives.
They want our encouragement more than our expertise.
What are they thinking?
Nothing speaks like results.
That’s what connectors do. They tell you about yourself.
They want to know what’s in it for them.
Connectors do the difficult work of keeping it simple.
Nobody wants to be sold, but everyone wants to be helped.
Everything begins with a thought.
I can control my feelings by controlling my thoughts.
Failure results from bad breaks.
Education makes all the difference.
Successful people focus their thinking on progress.
Leadership is influence.
Good leaders listen, learn, and then lead.
Achievement comes from the habit of good thinking.
Rise beyond your circumstances, to.
Deal positively with your weaknesses.
Tell them how much you appreciate them.
Walking slowly through the crowd.
Thinking is hard work; that’s why so few do it. Because.
The hero is the one with ideas.
The bookends of success are starting and finishing.
You can have reasons or results. You can’t have both.
Give to others? Why? I have needs too.
Leaders touch a heart before they ask for a hand.
Holding a grudge is never positive or appropriate.
Tell the truth interestingly.
Create a Sense of Anticipation.
But what price do you put on a great memory?
Will the reader turn the page?
Adding value to them.
What will motivate them to turn the page?
Borrowed beliefs have no passion, therefore no power.
Rotten attitudes ruin a team. That.
The price of greatness is responsibility. That.
Connecting always requires energy.
Secrecy spawns isolation, not success.
The winner’s edge is in the attitude, not aptitude.
Being simple is hard work.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
What you believe identifies who you are.
What you believe identifies who you are.
Deaf ear is evidence of a closed mind.
A deaf ear is the first indication of a closed mind.
First we form habits, but then our habits form us. Change.
I have learned in whatever state I am, to be content.
The future belongs to the curious.
Veterans Day. 2 another term for REMEMBRANCE SUNDAY.
In the hands. the.
My lot is that I must be the first decent human being.
Time is the moving image of eternity.12.
The world needs less faith and more love and nobility.
Enmity shapes our consciousness and identity.
Annoyance, Eisenhower knew that the prolonged.
Control of Tunisia, and in both Algeria and.
A condition of war’ exists.
Giraud has changed his mind.
Anything that might be.
Care about right now is how long this is.
Instructions like he’s never been on a field of.
To occupy the.
It out of his throat, wiped at the grime.
Primarily American force would drive north and east.
A gillie, by golly! But it’s illegal! It knows, Crater.
And sometimes it takes a kid to show adults the truth.
It is not hard to make money in the market.
What had happened could not be interpreted any other way.
You can’t help who you fall in love with.
Would you like to sit in my nasty medicated bath with me?
Better to do a small wrong to prevent a big one.
Life changes us. To wish otherwise is pointless.
He had another think coming.
THE SKULL GLARED at me out of empty eye sockets.
When sleep mugged him.
The rim of the cup shuddered. Her fingers were shaking.
Just staying sharp. Keeping you safe keeps me in shape.
That’s a lovely story, Sean said. We should go back.
Embroidered Louis XV chair, legs crossed at the.
Swooning solves nothing.
Myself in love with her,’ he repeated.
Arrived. She settled herself on.
In Cold Blood by Truman Capote.
City of Thieves by David Benioff.
Enthusiastically adopted biofeedback HRV training.
The goal is to connect with your own self, your own soul.
Poor Charlie’s Almanack, by Charles T. Munger.
Eating Out Jar, Happiness Jar, and others.
Where there is an unreconciled quarrel, everybody suffers.
Fewmets to Mr. Jenkins, anyhow.
The reaper lacks the eyes to hold him back;.
Your planet does not deal gently with lovers of peace.
Is not an easy thing to refuse to be worshipped.
Trust easily come by can vanish as easily.
Love isn’t how you feel. It’s what you do.
Strength can always be used to destroy as well as create.
Mystery calls it dynamic social homeostasis.
Believing is essential when changing any behavior.
Catastrophic events serve a higher purpose.
Every misfortune is a blessing in disguise.
I took up windsurfing to explore my own courage.
Instead of falling, I am dancing with the wind.
Where are you?’ ‘I am between the light and the waves.
Belief is the basis of intuitive behavior.
To make things change, you need a strong heart.
There in bed, wondering why she hadn’t moved out.
You have to show him respect. He.
From California. San Francisco. And had.
And the other patrolman had called for.
She lives in California and Paris.
Years overnight. Maybe he had.
I think you pay a price for taking the easy way out.
Big empty bed.
Criminal. It was.
Do. And besides, he’s going to be away at.
Nowhere in the crowd that.
Enclosure where Ophélie was, was filled.
Objects that couldn’t be.
Confessional atmosphere of the dark.
Had told her he was.
With you all day and night while I’m trying to graduate.
Becky had sent her as souvenirs of her.
Her, and it seemed wiser not to see each.
More serious of the twins, and Kezia was.
What would have happened if he had come back.
Showed trees, sky, half a cat.
An ugly premonition.
Minutes to get home, unlike the morning.
He had stayed, he and his children would be long dead.
Sake…. What are you doing? …
Up shells, and waded at the water’s edge.
Close and then started to put.
Had an affair. She was.
First, except that obviously.
How much of a story would.
Going past her on a gurney, surrounded.
She didn’t have an uncomfortable moment.
Their arrangement with.
Heard the shattering news about Paloma, he spent another.
Dreading the trip. I’ve never seen so much medicine and.
Whoever saves one life, saves a world entire. —Talmud.
Where Ariana was being kept, nor under.
From the accident, and she seemed weak to him. It.
His schedule and the fact that he was.
Simon, she was more independent.
Questions. What did you see.
Wild. Logan was cheering loudly, and bought ice cream for.
Gets aggressive with him. He’s very hurt by the.
And all the people who were.
Can rent a bed. It’s either.
Happened. And yet, why did she feel.
Furniture, but all the lights.
Means. And her small, chic penthouse apartment.
True in eighth grade, when Gracie was in first grade.
Career he had had, and his enormous.
And Nick was sure Christianna’s family was upset.
Some people are just different, even in the same family.
The future, Hugues.
Have you ever been to Chicago? he asked.
Smiling. Are you in the army? she inquired. He.
Though she were another person, a deus ex machina.
The other girl was fifteen, and she was expecting.
Open your eyes for us … it’s not too exciting.
Taking the money. She made it sound like more.
She was starving for friendship.
I still have this crazy idea.
The community, and respected. She.
There, at the casino. He’s a very spiritual.
The conversation with the two musicians.
One and everything’s a mess, and one of my.
Stranger on the path. He pointed out several.
He had to move to L.A., on her terms. And he.
Doors. The bus started up, and the bridal.
Another month. They would be back in the.
Carpe diem. It sounds like that’s what you’re.
Shelter. You are a mess. She could almost.
So long. She promised to.
Somewhere. Then he turned serious.
Sank, at the realization of what had really.
She wanted to ask him how his.
Carpe diem. Seize the day. They had.
A break at lunchtime. She hated.
We break up over this? I don’t think.
Would hear him. His lips barely moved, and then.
Safe way to.
Him. She always told herself.
Ellen ran their home precisely the way.
About him, and that all the signs were that he.
874 The occultation of the Twelfth Imam, or the Mahdi.
Ezekiel declared, in the center of all nations.
Nothing can ever prevent us from trying. Ever.
When setbacks come, we respond by working twice as hard.
Only is better than best.
Use this knowledge to be gentle and gracious.
Ultimately, nerve is a matter of defiance and control.
Their lifestyle is the result of prioritizing.
Give yourself clarity, not sympathy.
It feels good, but it’s so very wrong.
Ego is stolen. Confidence is earned.
Choose not to be harmed—and you won’t feel harmed.
Just begin the work. The rest follows.
Being a bystander to suffering is not an option.
Hypocrisy is the tribute that vice pays to virtue.
Red and pink and orange.
Straight white males need supportive communities, too.
Nobody’s listening to me, he thought, story of my life.
He could be disciplined when he wanted to be.
Banging saucepans to ring in the new year?
Not many follicles among the oracles.
Nothing was simple, certainly not simplification.
We have always absorbed our own disintegration.
She expected no judgement and wanted no pity.
They bobbed back and forth, little Halloween apples.
It’s like moving through a delicious fog.
The mailman carried around huge bags of gloom.
Why is the future always … in the future?
A species used to strict patterns of inherited hierarchy.
Responsibility was our cruel mooring....
All facts are created equal.
Do it on the radio. —Educating Rita Saved.
Ashes to ashes. Dust to nonsignificance.
Being willing to forgive is not the same as being weak.
Producing Mr. Reilly in the abundant flesh.
I am the avenging sword of taste and decency.
The historian will tell you what happened.
Support of the Mexican Revolution. He hadn’t known.
Navigare necesse est. Vivere non est necesse.’ I’ve.
He grew morose, and felt himself half overcome by funk.
Fashion. I’m sure he mistook you for one of those…
Lamoth dies. In shame.
But she wouldn’t have been a Cat Person if she had not.
Children do make life more interesting, he thought.
Being crazy is a job qualification.
I fancy you may tell the truth about yourself. But.
If is a word that can never be said too loudly.
The early summer sky was the color of cat vomit. Of.
Gods are so last year, Hiro said, and Aya smiled.
But I wanted to finish your book.
But having a brain hurt so much sometimes.
Life is problematic, so novels must be too.
A country with two kings will always falter.
The war will end one day. Wars always do.
She wasn’t so much a writer as a thief.
And barking famous, these friends are.
Sickness of hope deferred.
Making stuff is easy. Selling it is not.
One lives as if one might miss out on something.
James discovered that there is nothing.
She follows the putrid cloud downstairs and.
Teach me greater thankfulness of heart.
What are we, The Addams Family?
He went down the stairs, no choice, no choice.
Will be a scientific adventure.
I said, What is that smell?
You got to rescue yourself.
If he was dead, well, that was interesting, too.
End of the First Book.
King Phillip and his Queen Rosemary.
She gave her a good clout to the ear.
A what? said Willie May.
Away from the car.
Stories are light.
Edward? Yes yes yes. It is me. Edward thought.
Fear is a big waste of time.
Thoughts of food.
I have been loved said Edward to the stars.
How can a story end happily if there is no love?
Cisco pointed south in the.
Bag the hands, Bosch said to him.
The unknown subject, McCaleb thought. So we meet again.
Back from the counter to.
Wrap the investigation.
Started its ascent.
Inside the theater, because the bin.
She was cremated.
Farmers Market, one of his favorite places in the city.
Coming at the interview from a.
In a courtroom I can sell ice to Eskimos.
I found out who I was.
Believe me or care, then I don’t have a chance.
Our children are our hearts.
I couldn’t become bogged down with it. I had to get.
Everybody is looking for redemption. For something.
Little pieces of grace were everywhere if you looked.
It ain’t cheap anywhere, Bosch said.
Him in ’93, so there is no reason to believe he.
Dramatically the number of homicides. This had spurred a.
Mr. Elliot will see you now.
Situation and to decide.
The security and transport of the.
For shipping and insurance. That was a smart way.
It’s Officer, actually. Where are you.
I guess. I don’t remember his name but it.
Civil unrest instead of rioting.
Them. He drank.
Between 7th and 8th Streets, and then the location of the.
The judge ignore it and drop.
Batches of samples collected from.
Okay, Mick. And for what it’s.
Anything else I should know.
To think about failure was to invite failure.
Charge for the Times—thanks to Bosch.
No, maybe you should start. I have my meeting at.
That there was a party under way at the house.
Felt confusion ambush him. He didn’t know.
The best defense was a good lock or a mean dog. Or both.
Stopped at his partner’s desk. Soto’s.
But this guy.
Traveled to the defendant’s attorney and locked.
What’s a rave?
Justice is incidental to law and order.
We called it the black echo.
Have sat in your mailbox for four days.
More creepy charm than an evangelist.
Possibility. Angela Cook’s online search had only.
Shifted one step.
Somehow acquired when the rapist.
Didn’t move his eyes from the word even as.
Ultimately, Bosch was confounded.
Messenger boy here. He wasn’t supposed to find out.
Had been published years earlier, Bosch was nevertheless.
Took him to a place where they poured honey on.
The next time.
No longer tell if he was upset by being so far.
Bosch nodded. Ferras was good.
Pretty name that never.
Put the car in park and got out and looked around.
Anticipated doing, anyway. But for now he was.
I am still angry, Detective Bosch.
I quickly crossed the room.
Investigator. And they were together that.
Rollerboy down and lay down on it.
You’re brilliant! Where is she?
It’s his son.
How’s the victim doing? Victim?
Who was that supervisor? That was Art Donovan.
That. You see, not all of the casinos have.
Reached out and yanked on it. The string.
Far as I know, it was a righteous bust. I’m.
Partner. He paused and looked at her. Somebody who.
They’ll both know somebody’s out there, coming for them.
So, he wondered.
Looks like it,’ Winston said.
Speaker and shout. ‘Mary.
Watching the two detectives from the next room.
The morning before. Bosch thought.
Can give you whatever science.
It was said that L.A. was a sunny place for shady people.
This goes forward it’s going to get.
Do not panic! Lord Thistlebottom.
Whatever did girls do without sisters?
Out the pins. All detectives wear badges. These.
Are you growing a beard?
That’s how we found the.
Painted suns and rainbows and guinea pigs.
You’re the glue.
Zooming out the door. Two.
Dunk had dunked him.
You scared my pants off!
Aphoristic posts on the Cypherpunks list, the.
Judgment does not win others over. Kindness does.
God is patient. He doesn’t fly off the handle in anger.
Completed. It had been designed by Albert Speer and alone.
The Isle of Wight, with occasional visits to.
Aghast. What was to be done?
Intense feeling is the mother of eloquence.
Take the goods the gods provide you.
Pride is a good horse if thou ridest wisely.
The Art of Woo provides tools for a critically important.
But he was a golden child, too good for the world.
Right—secrets and lies are really the same thing.
Prescription for a prenatal vitamin, as you will need.
Grocery lists. That was back when I thought my.
Reckless abandon and know that there will be someone.
Let those surface issues go, to value content over form.
Our choices. Our fleeting moments together.
Maybe someday I would be happy. —.
There simply is no way to tread these dangerous waters.
Particularly on the bourgeoisie, which is.
Obvious they had not heard the.
Moment of declaration of war, if there.
Irregularly as though it were farm land.
Waif standing by the seashore on the opposite wall.
That the event would.
Used to write her books.
Rhetoric is what shapes history, if not truth.
I’m an engineer, not a damned hairstylist, Naomi said.
Ferns can be very aggressive.
Kings were always the last to feel the famine.
The lizard living at the base of her spine.
No monkey ever reheated a frozen burrito. So.
Said something obscene.
If all that was possible, everything was.
She was grinning like the universe had given her a kiss.
Structures are never monolithic.
Nothing lasted forever. Not peace. Not war. Nothing.
Some things were secret even after you told them.
Dead’s not good, but at least it’s simple.
We’ll be cocked, locked, and ready to rock.
Hello, James Holden. My name is Fred Johnson.
My gameplan is not to have a gameplan.
He is the sphinx whose riddle still eludes us.
Whoever thought that pleasure makes you happy?
The past looks worse the closer you look at it.
Old age is the new childhood.
Lewis’s appeal is to our imaginations.
Nobody who wasn’t down there.
Their ideas on.
Lightning from a clear sky smote the Necropolitan Hill.
Courage is for the lean. I am wiser.
Admonitions took over the ravaged playground of his mind.
So ignorance increases ignorance, and knowledge.
I knew you belonged with me.
Sometimes the hardest person to forgive is ourselves.
She was ruined. She’d become anathema—the.
Anger is so much easier than grief.
Sometimes one had to be grateful for the small things.
I mean that love is enough—when the time is right.
Fake hope would only serve up more disappointment later.
To love is to lose control. —Paulo Coelho.
What was one more skeleton in an already crowded closet?
Think I’m crazy about.
Nothing ever stays easy for long.
His aura flared bright red and.
Wished that just once she could see Linda’s aura.
She greeted him warmly, and.
The relationships that are damaged are often your best.
How it blocks them from reaching their goals.
Nothing is more dangerous than a place of safety.
Ignorance is fertile ground.
There was always something worse.
Faith was the most powerful force in the universe.
Do what has to be done, regardless of the consequences.
New fresh faces of the Republic.
Time always won the race.
Everything in life was transitory, enjoy the moment.
Is most vital that the Lord breaks us.
Whatever prayer is not according to God’s will is utterly.
Only those who are subject to authority can be authority.
History of heredity.
Language too is a brake upon social change.
Mouths open to the sun, they sleep.
Genetics is a science full of gods, Mr. Sanchez.
He didn’t want to do this… He had come here to hide.
Across the table from her doing his best impression of.
A promise to a liar means nothing!
Can we trust him, you think? he.
His brother, except that he had.
Rebellious dark eyes in her faintly freckled face.
He’s healing, though, she.
City of Thieves by David Benioff.
Airport at Genoa, or the one at Pisa’s about a hundred.
Better to be tried by twelve than carried by six.
Newly purchased herbal teabags.
Leave nothing but footprints, take nothing but memories.
Politics were the ultimate frustration.
Rock shrews. It had all started with damned rock shrews.
Nobody touches my wife and kids. Han.
The body can only do what the mind can imagine.
You believe first, then you achieve.
Enough of crime! Bustling in.
We have a natural tendency to assume that.
Younger son, Arthur, called from the bedroom he.
About the tree.
Bananas! Here! Blah, blah! Whatever!
Just because we are females doesn’t mean we.
Buried by random events, ruined by confusion and grief.
The truth hurts only if you’re comforted by lies.
As if ye have faith and it shall be given to you.
We want what we want.
...life was a glorious catastrophe.
We live in a world of banal miracles.
The water. The feral cats scattered before her.
Maybe all love is hopeless.
Always speak first to the toughest person in the room.
Great fiction tells unknown truths.
There are no rules here, only possibilities!
Work had to be enjoyable on a daily basis.
Out of their.
The Cinnamon Bear was.
THE BILLIE BURKE SHOW, situation comedy.
He had never found anyone who knew what the name.
Time erodes gratitude more quickly than it does beauty.
Checked the bins in the holy relic workshop.
Showing his gratitude.
God give me chastity, but not right now.
He was refreshingly, even alarmingly, direct.
Increasingly parasitic role of the elite.
The act of living causes brain damage.
I’m never better than when I’m alone.
It was never too late for the truth.
We took canoes into the heart of darkness.
Incidents of Travel.
Were not shouting anything, just silently.
Fou, très fou! Why, in New Orleans I would have finished.
To authorize that personally.
I prefer to sleep while the rabble are out and about.
This was an intentional frame.
New York City had a short memory for violence.
There is no such thing as forgetting, he murmured.
Anybody who tries to pass me will have a headache.
Poor Yorick of infinite jest.
He’s like a spoon—always stirring things up.
Do you realize how terrifying it is to be raped?
They tried to bury us. They didn’t know we were seeds.
How had her mother fallen in with these idiots?
Moved as he swallowed. After.
I will take care of animals. I will have justice.
Flowers in the Attic.
Snorted coke because a boyfriend told her.
He grinned. It’s cheaper than that.
Seemed to match the erratic.
Older and she always got to drive. She opened.
I told her, I’m Wayne, and this is—.
But I met him once and he’s super.
You are an enigma wrapped in a sticky bun.
Rippy’s. Get in the car. Drive to the motel. Wait for me.
Conversations, and not.
For every solution, a problem.
It’s been a complicated decade for me.
I am still afraid. But I am not terrified.
Love, impossible, yet there was no mistaking it.
Me, either. What.
Soft waves broke against the rocks.
Nobody learned nothing. Nobody evolved.
Moaned his final breath into the imitation Oriental.
Only a child thinks life is about her wants.
How naive can you be before it becomes unforgivable?
Hareem was speaking with the.
Realized the exec.
Life’s tough and even tougher when you’re stupid.
Revenge is the foolish stepbrother of justice.
Italy Is Made of Tuff Stuff.
Firenze Card when you arrive in Florence.
Staying Free of Destructive Relationships.
We can’t force our spouses to do what we want them to do.
There is a lot of growing required.
In the grocery store. Our obedience to God is evidence.
We just have to show up and pray. Some.
We stand strong in God’s power and strength, not our own.
Pulse raced, and she found her.
Is politics just another word for injustice?
Who can ever know what turns the spark into flame?
To withhold trust until there is no doubt is not trust.
Above all else, do not fear to climb the victory tower.
Most things are possible, if one decides they are.
No greater bond existed than love sealed by trust.
There is no beginning. We are always in the middle.
Humans and stories need each other.
Growing older, it appears, does not mean growing up.
Power that affects nothing is mere vanity.
Would be on top of me like a ton of heavy things.
Everyone has a calling to be inspired.
Bask in the magnificence of what is seen and sensed.
Nurturing things without possessing them.
Live joyously and with deep gratitude.
Everything is completed precisely as it should be.
To come to possess all desire the possession of nothing.
Find joy and solace in the simple.
Giving involves leaving the ego behind.
Seek a way to give.
Be a giver of forgiveness.
Being content with what you have.
Be at peace and live in harmony.
Have a happy mind.
Power vs. Force. In this remarkable book, Dr. Hawkins.
Conflict doesn’t have to mean combat.
Do not resist the natural course of your life.
Pain is a natural phenomenon. But suffering is a ‘choice.
Live in harmony with nature.
The effective leader guides others to their own nature.
Grasp the essence of heaven on earth.
Be in the now.
Prevent difficulties rather than solve them.
Choose to live by cooperating.
Shed your troublesome ego while you’re still alive.
Gather as much virtue as you possibly can.
Never assume that you know what’s best for anyone.
Look into your heart and examine what is truly important.
I honor the place in you where we are all one.
See your divinity and revel in your magnificence.
Living as If Your Life Makes a Difference.
Allow rather than interfere.
Cultivated in the self, virtue is realized;.
Be a caretaker, not an owner.
Releasing worry, stress, and fear.
Don’t seek praise or run from it.
Release the need to control your life.
See your role in the transformation of the planet.
Lose interest in seeking approval.
All of life is a movement toward perfection.
Wisdom connects you to your heart in your waking moments;.
Wealth is the fruit of generosity.
Begin the process of trusting your heart.
Act without being concerned for your own ego.
Whatever strains with force will soon decay.
Pay attention to the flow of your life.
It’s spirit that gives life.
Making the world a better place.
The highest justice is to see without preference.
Abandon outmoded familial and cultural customs.
Simplify your life by not seeking another thing.
See yourself as whole and complete just as you are.
Practice being in a state of appreciation.
Understand the great within yourself.
Live without attachment by being generous.
Don’t judge yourself or others.
When the student is ready, the teachers will appear.
But by loving what I’m saying and selling that love.
Tao Te Ching for.
The word enthusiasm is the God within.
Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
The Biology of Belief.
If I don’t have a story, I won’t have to live up to it.
Writing is not something that I do. It is what I am.
Because it is there.
When this casuistry came to light.
Emotions among the British—pride, patriotism, nostalgia.
Happiness only real when shared.
The romantic waste places of the world.
Drawn to a pursuit considered reckless by his elders;.
When you forgive, you love.
Corky Jones, a boy shorter than Terry, but.
Catch nothing but net.
Spymaster does, Herbert said. When he’s someplace new.
Our space was a home because we loved each other in it.
Why revere the unknowable? Why not find out what it is?
Integrity is the only path where you will never get lost.
What you seek is seeking you. —RUMI.
In negotiation, he who cares the least wins.
We are whatever we pretend to be.
Follow your curiosity, wherever you can find.
Blackbird. They reached the sandy area.
Some people pursue happiness, others create it.
Chrissie lowered her voice so that he struggled to.
Want to spoil things. I think she.
We really thought you ought to know.
Given a new name, chosen by the nuns, a more.
The diver’s chest. Hoke pushed the bell, and the glass.
Waiting for him to start the conversation.
And Chelsea boots, and moved.
The Expert, an HBO World Premiere.
Said, Kinesics is as much an.
Autobiographical novel. He fancied himself.
The Genealogy of Morals.
Effectively you have.
Why would Obama, of all.
Sorry. Only one art heist a week for me, Dan said.
Pay attention everything counts.
Doubt is something that should be entertained privately.
Councils of war breed timidity and defeatism.
Mussolini, completely misreading the situation.
Outline his frontier demands, Stalin.
Some 4,887 miles to the east of him, north of the.
Truth is strength as an expression of integrity.
Course in Miracles is based on that precise process of.
The mercy of God is infinite and unconditional.
There seemed nothing so true as a yellow tree.
So I needed to be womanised. I was losing my sheen.
You live if you dance to the voice that ails you.
Blank is to heartache as forest is to bench.
Him, trying to do the same.
Ask you to heal me of despair.
Another; one must find the strength to help oneself.
The truth we discover for ourselves.
Confrontation tends to slow my thoughts.
Grandiose fantasies of rescuing distressed damsels.
Anxiety is a trail that leads to insight and wisdom?
Knowledge is limited, only stupidity is unlimited.
What have your scholarly investigations shown you? No.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
More commonly death anxiety surfaces in nightmares. A.
Love between parents begets love for the children.
Mediating efforts, the.
Her prose was a hammer; Darwin’s was a psalm.
Marriage survives... because it evolves.
He came bearing not a sword but a candle.
My truth is not a condemnation of yours.
What have I not yet learned about the futility of worry?
Say, this is literally a pedestrian.
At any given moment, and that night, going back to.
But I was supposed to want to have a baby.
These adaptations did not.
Bravery means doing something scary.
White Acre was not, in fact, a very large place.
One must bear what cannot be escaped.
The hunt to uncover those jewels—that’s creative living.
From the center of my life, there came a great fountain…
Desire is the design flaw.) The.
Everything- for no reason whatsoever- is perfect.
I am very empty in the bank since the bomb.
Gallimaufry of ices and trifles and toasts, supervised.
Watch the heat of day pass into the cool night. Let go.
Since when did creativity become a suffering contest?
Why is a hard question to answer in any langauage.
Creative living is a path for the brave. We.
Argue for your limitations and you get to keep them. Why.
Creative living is a path for the brave.
Prayer is a relationship; half the job is mine.
I work steadily, and I always thank the process. Whether.
But we work with what we know in this life.
Insisted, until the point is inarguable.
Always prepared for anything foolish, fun, or.
There was dignity to be found in stoicism.
Sometimes you count the days, sometimes you weigh them.
The Geographical Distribution of Animals.
The ability to respond is responsibility.
And what is that nightmare, Craig? Life.
And I always look like I’m about to cry.
Arms, her black African arms, with.
I stalked you. Don’t be mad.
Father knocked on her door. Kitten? May I come.
And it isn’t creepy. It’s romantic.
He would have said Stephen was a sort of human tire iron;.
She could eat a salad without worrying about diarrhea.
I’ve had so much coffee I’m on the ceiling.
Brian was only thirteen. He was asleep by one A.M.
Pretty dresses, desperate hearts.
She smiled a wonderful smile and pinched my cheek.
Necessary connections are fabulous beasts.
Destruction is only another aspect of being.
The world is still full of friends you haven’t met yet.
He was sitting on a log; he sniffed the air and.
He had grown; several buttons burst off. His.
Would ride into fire. For Odysseus that whip was pride.
The tree bark began to move, forming a face of wood.
Every great movie has conflict.
Tell the kind truth.
Building a team is hard.
The days are long, but the years are short...
Our habits are our destiny.
All truly great thoughts are conceived while walking.
Do once in a while.
Things often get harder before they get easier.
Same person, same activity, different habit.
We manage what we monitor.
Habit is a good servant but a bad master.
Money. It’s a good servant but a bad master.
Associate with people who are likely to improve you.
Technology is a good servant but a bad master.
Colorful tin trays from my grandmother? A friend confided.
The reward for a good habit is the habit itself.
Maurice Maeterlinck’s play The Blue Bird.
He that stumbles, and does not quite fall, gains a step.
Habits are the invisible architecture of daily life.
Made to Stick, Chip and Dan Heath describe.
Received the cross of the Legion of Honour.
Anyone who lacks respect for religion comes to a bad end.
Servant, the grand duet in D major, all were for.
The more ideas they had the more they suffered.
However, all this reading had disturbed their brains.
Charcoal. What was left of the.
The distance between us was him.
There were great big shrugs of breath of him...
One eye open. One still in a dream.
...and shivered like the future.
His eyes were the color of agony...
For at least twenty minutes, she handed out the story.
Breathing then, for.
The world did not deserve such a river.
Statues with beating hearts.
Mistakes, mistakes, it’s all I seem capable of at times.
Kissing one of the new blokes who works there. He’s.
When reason fails, the devil helps!
Having conquered not only the work at hand, but the.
Words are heavy...The words were stapled to her.
She would later write in the basemen.
They were going to Dachau, to cencentrate.
A single word leaned against the girl.
The passengers slid out as if from a torn package.
He would wink at the girl and, clumsily, she’d wink back.
Once around the.
He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
No crime in wanting a little more.
Do you still play the accordian?
No one had ever given her music before.
I guess it’s for life beyond these pages.
The rot started.
Saumensch, du dreckiges—it’s about time!
Him. Don’t think. Just swallow. As soon as Mama handed.
A LAST NOTE FROM YOUR NARRATOR I am haunted by humans.
He would wink at the girl, and clumsily, she’d wink back.
Footsteps crease the grass behind us.
There was the chaos of goodbye.
Living was living. The price was guilt and shame.
It was one of the joys of childhood.
Living was living. The price was guilt and shame.
Burning words were torn from their sentences.
What?! Tommy shouted. His face twitched.
It’s about glowing lights and small things that are big.
The injury of words. Yes, the brutality of words. She.
When they came together, Michael apologized.
Untangled him and carried him out. High above.
I’m ready now. If he’d intervened, it might have.
No one’s urine smells as good as your own. The.
You will be caked in your own body.
Even death has a heart.
Even the enemies were an inch away from friendship.
Si lance was not quiet and calm, and it was not peace.
I laugh and the stars watch.
Say a prayer at the stones of home.
Doubtful, we shall know where the.
Some people keep canaries, some people join the Party.
Espionage is not a cricket game.
When the truth catches up with you, don’t be a hero, run.
Breath and caught the.
Band above her and calls to somebody she.
One of those world builders who do othing but destroy.
He asked, in a more tentative tone, What’s the.
Shoes and a leather jacket. When Burr had.
I am still making order out of chaos by reinvention.
He was proud of having thrown caution.
First impressions are difficult to change.
Finished to raise their hands.
KENnEDY SHOT. OSWALD SHOT TOO.
A voracious reader with a large memory for what she read.
In short, the ultimate source of Evil is compasion itself.
Either you are a nation, or you are nothing.
My impulses were not filled with unfailing virtue.
Serious history was the West, and the West was white.
The question is unanswerable, which is not to say futile.
This story began, as all writing must, in failure.
Consort—and it is for you to prepare.
The concept of monotheism.
I think death is easier than guilt sometimes.
Death is easy, and sudden, and can’t be stopped.
I just wish I could see myself in me. Orion.
The Senate was the home of governmental sclerosis.
Computable Numbers’ into practice.21 This was.
Every glance made him need another.
The need to fear such things was ended.
Writing was the solution to every problem.
But if you do not wish to speak, I do not wish to hear.
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
Memories are very beautiful things, when you are old.
I was young, and I’d never been hurt before.
The world I knew has gone. This is tomorrow.
Bitterness goes with people when they die.
You have a very lovely and unusual name.
Reader is back in the.
Happy in his silence yet eager for his words.
She was starved hurting limbs.
The camera as he talks, looking at notes.
Reagan will later write.
The wrists will then also be shackled.
Few months before heading.
Command structure, they would travel and live in small.
George Patton and Winston Churchill are simpatico.
Digital lights in the center of the round door began.
Autobiography, he claimed.
But I dream things that never were and say, ‘Why not?
Calling the Soviet Union.
From the very first question, Cronkite attempts.
He oversaw American forces in the Korean War.
You are the Christ, the son of the living God.
John upon their return from a trip. The.
Diplomacy by balance of fear.
Caligula and the mouth of Marilyn Monroe, in reference.
His wife greets him warmly as his two young.
Infantry, cavalry, and artillery begin slogging.
Comes the one more.
Faith is vital when it comes to doing the impossible.
And has created an atmosphere of suspicion.
But not in Mississippi. Though police.
They respect the private; he is the company.
Our past is our key to our future.
Lauren Bacall stands.
His brain splattered all over the trunk of a car.
But the past is the past, and you don’t get it back.
Baptized Christians ran the ovens in the camps.
Pray that liars aren’t kept a long time in purgatory.
I’m tired of sackcloth and.
The gift of Morpheus brought not only sleep but oblivion.
Straight shooters always win.
Beautiful street in the Western world.
Night Comes to the Cumberland.
You don’t realize the gift you have.
About voices that can cry out for help in our sleep.
Crowd again. I think we blew an opportunity. But maybe.
The crowd, bathed in light, his posture and trim.
These thoughts robbed the light from my eyes.
Instead, he lived inside his loneliness.
Get a lot of gone between you and this situation.
What surf Of what far sea upon what unknown ground.
He seekes out mighty charmes , to trouble sleepy mindes.
Allison to the radio every morning!
Yo mama is so fat… she ate an entire pizza….. Hut!
Knock knock! Who’s there? Alma!
Knock knock! Who’s there? Yule!
Yo mama is so poor… birds throw bread at her!
Yo mama is so fat… she jumped in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama is so stupid… she sold her car for gas money.
Bull who? Bull the door closed when you come in!
This door last time? Knock knock! Who’s there? Toucan!
What kind of driver will never get a license?
Yo mama is so fat… she sank the Titanic!
Can you find your way through the maze?
Games and Puzzles Can you find these images?
Yo mama is so fat… she supplies 99% of the world’s gas.
Yo mama is so stupid… she stole free bread.
Yo mama is so ugly… that she scares blind people!
Yo mama is so stupid… she tried to drown a fish!
Yo mama is so ugly… she made an onion cry.
Yo mama is so poor… she hangs toilet paper out to dry!
Yo mama is so stupid… she tried to climb Mountain Dew!
Yo mama is so old… she helped serve the Last Supper!
Yo mama is so old… her memory is in black and white!
Yo mama is so old… she used to babysit Adam and Eve!
Yo mama is so stupid… she got lost in a telephone booth.
Tullos all your secrets!
Toby or not to be? That is the question.
Knock knock! Who’s there? Barbie! Barbie who? Barbie Q!
What is a ghost’s favorite fruit?
A big group of dinosaurs!
She used to babysit Adam and Eve! Yo.
Yo mama is so ugly… she turned Medusa to stone!
Nadia head while the music plays!
The chicken cross.
Yo mama is so fat… her blood type is gravy! Yo.
Jokes Knock knock! Who’s there? Vanna!
Leave a Review!
Knock! Who’s there? Four! Four who? Four.
And you old enough to be her father!
Twill come to you, this love of land.
I’ve never bothered about what people said.
Why does a girl have to be so silly to catch a husband?
She whispered Yes before she even thought.
She belonged to Ashley, forever and ever.
Anything essential is invisible to the eye.
The Creation of Adam.
He scoffed. I can charm the panties off of a nun.
Her fake tan was the exact shade of a KFC chicken thigh.
Bluish light enveloped the angles of Vicious’s.
His intensity was magnetic, irresistible.
Be courageous with color. Let it pour out of you.
Just think. We’re whizzing through the universe.
Everyone has secrets.
Dowager grumbled a bit about that, using the same peevish.
It was country dark. He closed his eyes, feeling safe.
Disposal of the inconvenient.
She had around her a burning aura of loneliness.
One can covert only a sinner, never a saint.
Round lenses augmented them, and his pomaded.
This chorus of simians we call humanity.
A story is a letter the author writes to himself.
One only invites strangers.
There are worse prisons than words.
Time does to the body what stupidity does to the soul.
Show me a Don Juan and I’ll show you a loser in disguise.
Every piece of that marvelous world was a silent tear.
We are doomed to remember what never really happened.
People only disappear when they have somewhere to go.
We only remember what never happened.
I know the world changes, but never in essence.
I will give you the hearts of your enemies.
Evolution had stripped them of this power.
Foaly is singing, said Holly. Surely that’s illegal?
Code red thing.’ Holly.
He had also written a computer.
King Nicholas had explained the lense box to.
Saints are not allowed to lie, not even to demons.
Necessity is the mother of invention, then.
This is not a drill.
Suffering is life.
What terrible tragedies people suffer through realism!
Trump is the face of our collective idiocy.
Motivation of positive.
Knows!’ ‘Funny thing to do at that time of night.
And if you dare to put so much as half.
But what a light!
Suddenly, was the roaring sea.
3 The arrival of Claudine.
Splashing. ‘They’re going!’ he called. ‘They.
Pooh, cats!’ said Lotta scornfully.
Down to the foot of the tree to.
Be as good as gold.
Cet enfant terrible,’ that.
Go off the deep end.
They paid their money and.
The three children had no chance to visit the.
Of the stream water.
The right of Enid Blyton to be identified.
It’s all right,’ said Julian, putting his arm round Anne.
Bundle of poles.
Alicia, her eyes shining.
2 In the fourth form.
Raped her while he was living with them.
Nancy cut him off. Larry wouldn’t let her. We.
Just before Glitsky was about to take the stand for.
Up all morning; it would not be unheard.
Entry from three years ago, gave her tag as WineBitch and.
Worldview. So? You knew that?
All this shallow, superficial, external.
Even knew where she’d lived. So.
It was nearly as long as a minister’s and so poetical.
I thought out a splendid prayer after I went to bed.
You talk in the language of the violets.
What perverted shapes thwarted love can take.
It is never quite safe to think we have done with life.
There are some things that cannot be expressed in words.
Never, if you can help it, be the bringer of ill news.
One sin demands another to cover it.
Life still called to her with many insistent voices.
I’m afraid you both cry and laugh far too easily.
Dorrie dear, smooth that pucker out.
It was a pleasure to wonder what her elbows must be like.
Bohemian—a respectable sort of tramp.
It had been so ugly, and Walter hated ugliness.
Splendid to think of all the things there are to find out.
We make our own lives wherever we are, after all .
Leslie turned herself about passionately.
What is the matter with Harrison Miller, anyway?
You lose so much out of life by being cynical.
There’s a kind of failure that’s the best success.
If I wasn’t ME who’d I be?
Yet still the Piper piped and the dance of death went on.
There is a good deal more prose than poetry in life.
How fair the realm Imagination opens to the view.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Stupidity and bigotry are their own worst enemies.
A detached corner of Fofão’s brain said.
Swung the door shut behind him.
In some sort of mad spasm of suicidal fury.
That power setting produced an acceleration of over.
I see you’re closer to on time than usual!
Home was where the people someone cared about lived.
You can’t waste resources reinforcing failure …
Something was in his mouth.
Smacked into the asphalt.
Whoever debases others is debasing himself. That.
My lady teases me. You do not. Understood?
Which house that is? Or how many siblings you have?
Danielle’s and somehow face the fact.
But in private county leagues.
Everything happens for no reason.
Offered Reba a seat, then sat down himself.
She wanted a drink. She felt like she needed a drink. She.
Robert offered Reba a seat, then sat down himself.
You attract what you feel you deserve. You create your.
Maybe, Mackenzie said. But she didn’t think so.
Like all females, Third was intensely aggressive.
Rhyme and reason answer all problems.
We’re not interested in making sense; it’s not our job.
Hope If it were not for hope, the heart would break.
One cloud is enough to eclipse all the sun. THOMAS FULLER.
Dormez bien.’ They.
Few of the fathers of physicists were businessmen.
Twentieth Century Book of the Dead.
I am a camera with its shutter open.
After many a summer dies the swan.
Despair is something horribly simple.
As incompetent, irrelevant, and immaterial.
Revolution, and this is—.
Terror. That was it.
Yet the world between them was wide.
Sam’s heart felt as if it were being licked by a cat.
In the beginning God created light ... to read by.
Better to wear out than to rust out!
A cloud, it would.
Ravages of prejudice and its bully partner, violence.
Even in death the boys were trouble.
...life is an argument with the world over time.
Fear drove these people, even more than cotton money.
Them from the ruthless mechanism of the world.
I was a skinny guy, but I was morbidly obese with doom.
Venturing now or after nightfall. Cora thought better.
He was a rube, but he was no tourist.
Judge not the dysfunctions of others, let ye be judged.
The future? The future was the clay in their hands.
He hovered on unexceptionality.
Even angels are animals.
He possessed a strange facility for the mandatory.
Tracking by the good full moon to sanctuary.
Scattered parkgoers. Cora hunkered and.
Favored on her visits. Up close, it was plain.
Is this the truth of our historic encounter?
To the empty space usually reserved for Valentine.
Rare frost that morning, the wind howling.
Farmhouses and shacks, the families settling.
Know your value and you know your place in the order.
But if he didn’t read, he was a slave.
The shadow of the master, the reminder that.
Themselves that separated the human spirits within.
Memory has a palette and broad brush.
Footnotes to a feeling.
The earth knows exactly how to hold us if we just let it.
It makes more sense if you’ve lived it. A.
Life is too precious to be unhappy.
Hooligan posse of gulls wheeled noisily overhead.
Let’s face it, no one warned you about anything.
Too much is always enough, Kate commented.
Pointing. She was completely hopeless.
Moira and the girls and they soon resumed their furtive.
And when all else is gone, Art remains.
Was there a poet who written about skylarks?
Was there a store somewhere full of unwanted secrets?
Strangers? Millie’s swan song on the stage, the last.
…become such as you are, having learned what that is.
Of the debacle over Fox Corner when Sylvie died.
Is this normal, I wonder? But then, what is normal?
We’re dying from the moment we’re born.
A fool too late bewares when all the peril is past.
Discretion being the better part of valour.
Disengaging from the rat race Jackson.
Sequiturs. ‘That’s got nothing to do with it,’ Teddy.
Shropshire, the fatlands of Gloucestershire.
Do a typing and shorthand.
What’s life worth if you can’t have some fun?
The confidence of the untested.
Pain, which is ultimately only like itself.
Promises only lead to trouble.
Here, there, everywhere.
It takes more to scare me now.
Nothing. It all sounds stupid.
I try not to dwell on this.
I am trapped with Andy Evans.
Cutting dead frogs is cool.
My bed is sending out serious nap rays.
Could he hear my heart pounding?
Superheroes work the hardest when things get tough.
Life was a battle, and Mother a tired and bitter captain.
I have survived. I am here.
Diversity in no way implies chaos or error.
I assure him swiftly. ‘There is.
Pure beauty, shining among the other girls.
Saddle, brushes down my gown, hands me my hat.
The wedding should be between him, his bride, and God.
This is the greatest.
Window, with Rig trotting.
Of the palace to inform me that Lady Margaret.
I would rather see you dead at my feet than dishonored.
We will put the Howards so high they can never fall.
Her beauty completely erased by jealousy.
With onions and carrots drawn up like a retinue.
Pilgrims and swore an oath? Who rang the.
Of the ancient cities of Greece and.
There is no one who loves peace more than a soldier.
He was such a happy boy, and happiness is not memorable.
Scowling with worry. Come at once, he’s.
Who are sent to.
We were a quartet of idiots trying to look suave.
Never see them again. Surely, a couple so young, so.
What will happen when I am old and I can dance no more?
Was in correspondence with their religious.
Time of waiting.
Supposed to live a.
That which is priceless has no cost.
Today exists between yesterday and tomorrow.
It is important to eat Oreos the right way.
Reasonableness is the byproduct of a scientific mind.
Controlled the lives of two hundred.
In number 65, Hamilton visualized, with exceptional.
Adumbrate a plan that did not reflect popular opinion.
I do think we are and shall be great consumers.
Cadwallader Colden, the assistant attorney general.
Explaining that he did so from a desire of testifying.
People tended either to embrace Hamilton or to abhor him;.
A face so broad and ruddy that he was dubbed Bacon Face.
At a time of tremendous ideological cleavages.
The same day, Hamilton wrote to James McHenry.
Pork with a little change of the sauce?
Machiavelli’s The Prince and Plutarch’s Lives.
Even to the renowned Washington.
1755, Knox decided to propagate the gospel and was sent.
Appearances, not reality, ruled in politics, he.
Twentieth Century is the problem of the color line.
The sobering realization of the meaning of progress.
The Paz was an armed slaver flying the American flag.
How does it feel to be a problem? I answer seldom a word.
Rich and bitter depth of their experience, the.
A mélomane, the French word for music lover;.
Some are just businessmen.
Months earlier with Kristin.
But my biggest worry was that he would.
Gentlemen’s clubs—now there was a ridiculous euphemism.
God helps those who help themselves.
Family is important above all else.
You should rejoice in what you do have.
Fate had already done everything it could to torment her.
What is it about you that demolishes my mind?
And gains at the gaming tables spread from White’s.
They respect their betters, and fear those below them.
That’s the beginning of heroism, the decision to try.
How like a spoon with a razor edge is human need.
I’m not slow. Well, you’re not hasty.
Use your talent at sorcery, don’t be used by it.
It doesn’t pose or represent the world. It becomes.
I rarely trust myself to make statements about truth.
History takes a long time to happen.
Bent ostentatiously to her work.
The wind was picking up, and the Scarecrow shivered.
Don’t wish, said Rain, don’t start. Wishing only…
...but, being unable to decide yes, she decided no.
Talking among children is an overrated concept.
...one expects poetry, if it is Poetry, to offend.
How brave that had made her feel, and how vulnerable too.
Always the godfather, never the god.
No one is exempt from grief. The.
Now this is this, or seems to be.
The madder the battle, the saner the peace.
Secrets are revealed as you are ready to understand them.
Shame has a dreadful smell. So.
All green things brown.
But let me remember what I choose.
Love is wicked distraction.
How like a spoon with a razor edge is human edge.
Fear is a rushing sound, like water, in my ears.
In fact, they were much too cute to be children.
David shared his worktable with a girl.
Your Doppelgänger will regurgitate on your soul!
My dog, Pugsy, was hit by a car.
His brain had the bends.
What stories can do, I guess, is make things present.
Sun and waves and gentle winds, all love and lightness.
If a story seems moral, do not believe it.
They would repair the leaks in their eyes.
But this, too, was a performance.
I’m here with a business.
And now you have to figure out who you are without her.
Looked around the room at each person.
Mary felt her blood run cold.
Sequence, despite the voices adding real life.
Had he told anyone?
Military historian Richard Holmes.
The dream of a more orderly world.
Note on Interviews and Attribution.
But the centaurs ran the wrong way, back toward.
Brevity did not mean inconsequence...
There was nothing but mutual mischief.
Reached for her hand then dropped his voice. It.
To equate church attendance with being spiritual.
Demagnetizing is a fact of life.
Influenced, and I’d be corrupting his.
What you’re so worried.
Tragedy can turn your life around if you’re open to it.
Linen slipcovers, was as white as whole milk.
Wrote him off the day he left and so did Ellen and.
Was adept, but it had been a while since.
All you have to do is wait until she’s asleep.
Crayon. Age had given his face a softly.
Masculine blend of brown and.
Between the three of.
Water vapor is a greenhouse gas.
All my love, respect, and admiration, Leecy.
It was big enough for five village dances and a riot.
What you risk reveals what you value.
All I am saying is that love is not exclusively human.
It was a dark gift but not a useless one.
Love affairs are discoveries of new worlds.
Is it failure for morning to become afternoon?
Passion is not well bred.
...and what is memory but a rope slung across time?
Passion is not such an emotion as a destiny.
I kissed her, and forgot death.
I shall have nowt to talk to now the baby is boiled.
We live as best we may in a world of worms.
Truth is a questioning place.
She wanted to kiss the hesitation of his throat.
With faith, all things are possible.
The poem finds the word that finds the feeling.
Travelling the world and the seven seas.
This is the city of disguises.
I’m telling you stories. Trust me.
He’s only a dog. Yes but he has found me out.
The third thing Mary does is surrender completely.
We cannot love rightly without hating rightly!
It is now also cursed because of mankind’s fall.
The quartet of the vulnerable.
Jesus is not a metaphor. He is real. This all happened.
Forgiveness means absorbing the debt of the sin yourself.
Identity apart from God is inherently unstable.
Your religion is what you do with your solitude. In.
All this I did for thee; what doest thou for me?
Idolatries of the heart lead to foolishness in the life.
Malcontents praised least. The good critics found.
Taste is the enemy of a good death.
Feeling is the language of the soul.
Nothing has any meaning save the meaning you give it.
Rush in where angels fear to tread.
If not now, when? If not you, who?
What the ancients called Bogan, as separate from Ashla.
We are the predatory swarm!
Chewbacca woofed in agreement.
Providing power is the only way forward. She.
Fairy tales have been with us for a very long time.
Was the master; humans were merely visiting.
Photo of the three of them that was.
The Bureau was still behind the times on technology.
Hey, it’s all good.
If she was in a library.
In the legal arena, she could go anywhere. The trouble.
Felt her legs begin to give way.
Williams said disdainfully.
Trailer park buy them.
Vacant at first light. Yet she carried.
To Christine Craig, for walking me through.
Texted each of them. He waited, waited, waited. Then.
Rooms one by one until they came to the stairs.
Do you know who did it?
57 R​EEL COULDN’T TAKE her eyes.
Bad news always travels faster than good.
Belt. But it didn’t happen.
What about the kids? He pointed to them.
He drew in her scent. Her breath smelled of.
In this house, speaking and thinking.
But most of.
Hers. He gave.
Her with him she was likely going to.
To her, companionship must have seemed highly overrated.
This passage and escaped via the cafeteria or.
Scene upstairs with.
Time in the equation. They had a lot to lose.
Tyler. The boy immediately broke out into.
He slipped on the floor and this time his.
Was it a fire in the kitchen? No, a bomb in the basement.
Sheep follow blindly. We’re not supposed to be sheep.
Big F took out a small box, unwrapped.
Cialis. She closed the door of Sean’s room with.
Barrels into the shaft as far.
But for what reason? Council.
Got the chance.
She hadn’t accounted for.
That were very familiar. He saw his father.
Far less than one block in Brooklyn.
Thousand yards of this place. Who is she?
Wives had called. Cynde and Debbie had.
Something always leads to something else.
The place smelled of mildew and rot. What.
Tersely. Then the line.
It’s funny that DiCarlo’s security.
Preferred entering through the front.
Who knows what beats deeply within the hearts of people?
Stroke he imagined plunging.
Presidents had to make.
I’ll be back, he called over.
Seem inclined to begin the conversation.
That’s how they generated Bruno’s.
Entirely clear over the screams of the crowds. The.
That that won’t be the case. I don’t trust.
Now. But I still act like a cop sometimes.
Something by me.
We deal with them all.
But if they are adopted there is no traitor blood issue.
Have security clearances anymore. So.
I’m not sure the dead are really concerned with that. And.
And ventured into countries where girls.
He would with appropriate alliances.
When he ate out, he ate alone. He didn’t shop.
Could lie as well.
Room. It was four a.m. and he had not yet been to sleep.
Both because of the cold and also to help hide his face.
Get information to sell, or blackmail them with.
Crushed by the.
Do you have good encryption.
Sound immediately stopped. As Lee closed the door.
To Sandy Violette and Caspian Dennis, for taking care.
Because of the tiny size of the apartment, was happening.
And out of his life. As he.
Platform would look, well, abandoned. Not a.
Life is what it is, Will. You take it as it comes.
Since a pen or pencil could easily be turned.
He typed in a request and sent.
The truth always matters.
Life is crazy and maddening and often makes no sense.
Not talking about driving a Paladin.
Box. I’m sure of that.
Folderol of attention was to die on a football.
Over, Brennan stared at them, his face.
Crow flies. That’s where they met.
The laundry, and took, in amicable.
Inside his head. It was said that savants.
And upper to midcervical spinal cord, above C4.
Courtroom waiting for their case to be called. Those.
Prevaricate. As a detective and now a PI, he had to.
He looked up at Wyatt, who was.
Did begin his shooting at.
Messing with you. I’m just trying to.
How did you get on to her?
Sheen on the water’s surface that could be.
Minutes later Horatio pulled up to the.
Comments because he needed Slick to.
Intel and no one gave it a second thought.
The police, he knew, had already copied the.
Think we’ve all.
Lawn and flowering dogwood.
Like whores. It.
Convinced that they wanted him to find.
The thrilling series by international number.
To Aunt Peggy, an angel on earth if ever there was one.
I can be fat or I can smoke. I can’t be both. They.
BED. He smelled his adult sweat, tasted it.
About three thousand miles separating them. She.
How I really feel when he was here.
Small observations can lead to large breakthroughs.
DB. What finally got.
We are all beautiful in the eyes of God.
Wasn’t the butler who looked out but Marcus Cynster.
We’ll find your treasure. Shifting his head, he pressed.
Abstinence. It didn’t even sound comfortable.
Times may change; Cynsters never do.
His shirt and hauled the fine linen up, and off.
It all seemed very unfair. I’d never asked for a destiny.
Talk is healing. It’s the unexamined wound that festers.
Tis strange how many leavetakings one life can hold.
Nothing like truth to leaven a good lie.
Merely surviving without doing harm seemed chore enough.
The gods answer our prayers sideways at best.
Poets in their chambers began to scribble notes.
There is a madness in love.
The defeated always remember.
One day I took my courage in both hands.
I was not surprised. I wanted to be, but I wasn’t.
My taste is for spices, and not sweets.
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
There are ties that bind more complex than blood.
The glory of God transcends all creaturely glory.
Evangelism is not only a duty; it is also a privilege.
Dream at Bethel) or one could ascend to Jerusalem.
He leapfrogged from the status of despised Galilean.
The Holy Spirit is a person, not a thing.
God does not vacillate on His promises.
Now I know who the Holy Spirit is.
Though He slay me, yet will I trust Him.
Luther was a Protestant who knew what he was protesting.
Distort the real Christ is to oppose Him with a false.
Anti can mean against or instead of. In language.
Theology touches every dimension of our lives. The.
Their officer. The acid and powder in the.
Easiest way is to bend over and say ‘car.
Everything, even the dirt, was poised.
Surrealism comes for us all, Thibaut thinks.
Staggering out of Language, into language.
He was cheered by this. He was a scientist, not a mystic.
This gentleman is cactus, said Doul.
Same weather over here as back home, I said.
So long as it fated, fate didn’t care what it fated.
This wasn’t the life she signed up for.
First of all, it’s got a million calories.
Bubbe and Zayde were old and small and wrinkly.
A white headband in her curled and sprayed hair.
And my father together had gently.
There would be menus, offered today by a girl.
You fell into your life, the same way I fell into mine.
It was as if real life had been canceled for the day.
A body was just a body, just a vessel for her soul, and.
Really? How many times had I heard my husband.
Took him to a rink. Andy had watched the other skaters.
Holding a bottle of Evian water.
Conversation with Dave, telling him what had happened.
Don’t upset your mother, my father would say.
It was high school. Evil is kind of the name of the game.
Sometimes I wish it has been you.
Cherished his Nebraska.
Air. I am still holding the scissors, pointing.
The dead should be allowed to rest in peace.
Fate will find you. You don’t have to go looking for it.
When you get there, there is no there….
Why keep a record when you can not keep a record?
Where there’s life, there’s hope, right? We’re blessed.
The wind of fate, and in it rests our lives.
Marry him. Good dull husbands are hard to find.
His dreams were so big and his successes so small.
HE TURNED AROUND AND LOOKED BACK down the empty church.
Kitty Meets the Band.
She has succeeded in operating, but not in being.
Oliver Sacks’s An Anthropologist on Mars.
The final therapy, as Freud said, is work and love.
But after my fall and my near death, fear and caution.
Pride and a Daily Marathon.
I did not seem to have any special project to animate me.
The zen of housecleaning allows one to reach inner peace.
Where I keep my computer. I opened.
The sort of baleful stare you get when life’s a mystery.
Distinct samples, and I’m pretty sure.
Some guys can charm the stitches off a baseball.
So. Ixnay on the direct approach.
Stone checked his watch. Tempus fugit. Gotta.
Thanks, Lyle. It’s good to be here. Mr. Sincerity.
People over the years.
Shoulder cast climbed.
The Burbank Studios in beautiful downtown Burbank.
Home is where your mistakes can be seen in context.
The tears were his. Tyson had earned them.
Running is cheaper than therapy.
I get an extra 20 IQ points from being in that office.
Minimize the shallow in my life.
It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
The idle mind is the devil’s workshop.
To be great at something is to be well myelinated.
Dedication to stretching his ability, guided by feedback.
You’re either remarkable or invisible, says.
Deliberate practice is often the opposite of enjoyable.
The Innovators, Isaacson later.
A deep life is a good life.
To your work, then he will close the deal. To.
Summary of Rule #2 Rule.
Jordan left me in the dust. I played. But he practiced.
Deep Work Helps You Produce at an Elite Level.
Hypocrisy is just another kind of cruelty.
Every human heartbeat is a universe of possibilities.
Sometimes you break your heart in the right way.
Through his thick, black hair.
A dream is the place where a wish and a fear meet.
With the words, but hearing them in.
Loves that produce our courage.
In this life, we do what we can to improve ourselves.
Whatever you do in life, do it with courage.
The student is ready, the teacher appears—.
Fair . . . forgiving . . . punish . . . and save . . .
It isn’t a secret, unless keeping it hurts.
The truth is a bully we all pretend to like.
Prisons are the temples where devils learn to prey.
The student is ready, the teacher appears—do.
The contours of all our virtues are shaped by adversity.
The truth is a bully we all pretend to like/.
Instinct chooses her own children.
Kurtapyjama. His face was deeply lined, and his white.
Every free minute is a short story with a happy ending.
The truth is a bully we all pretend to like.
Listen, where are you going?’ ‘What?’ ‘Where.
The lion must roar, just to remind the horse of his fear.
The cloak of the past is cut from patches of feeling, and.
There’s no heart like the Indian heart.
As much as we think we’re gods, we’re still just animals.
A death with a clean conscience is a valuable commodity.
The truth has a way of evolving, Mina.
I used to think all the monsters in my life were made up.
It was the unexpected that happened, always.
Thought how pretty Pearl was and.
Her parents roared around in the masks of monsters. Not.
We wish we had never known.
The world is, she would say. It just is, boy.
Even in Kyoto when I hear the cuckoo I long for Kyoto.
Where is truth to be found.
Death poem of Hyakka.
Speedo, when they worked us seventy days and.
She always preferred strong lies to weak truths.
Smell its acrid horsehair upholstery and stale flour.
He waited for death as a traveller for a bus.
And all the time he knew it was his hunger eating him.
After all, it wasn’t food; it was survival.
MAY IS THE MONTH of disorderly conduct.
Readers of symbols are forever at the mercy of desire.
Relationships are like powerful moods that people share.
...my insides were ulcerous from coffee and terror.
Rich old uncles who die are in shockingly short supply.
Even a magician must have relations.
Apocalypses are easier slept through than experienced.
Not our circus, not our monkeys, I murmur, and he nods.
The rich smell of life uneaten.
I’m possessed, recursively.
Dear God, whispers Pete, it’s full of posters!
Brains mouses over one of the images.
When humans gather, crime is certain.
Some invasions barely warrant the name.
The strongest manacles are born in the blood.
Ah, the warm fuzzies of decisive action.
Some knowledge is inherently corrupting.
There is more right with you than wrong with you—those.
Meditation is a way of being, not a technique.
Our lives are simply bigger than thought.
You be aware of this as you practice?
The atmosphere in here—.
She watched the storm move off on lightning legs.
„Another day. Another collection of wracking hours.
„No amount of reasonable threats prevailed.
That’s my job; to bring adventure into your life.
I stood there feeling nowhere.
He had an indefinable look of privilege gone wrong.
Installed herself as Wedding Obergruppenführer.
That life—whatever else it is—is short.
Unbearable claustrophobia of the soul.
Glared at Danny with her wolfish eyes, and.
He was a planet without an atmosphere. x.
With the striped umbrella and the pistachio ices?
See? said Boris, interrupting Vitya right in.
I’ve come to believe that there’s no truth beyond.
Beauty alters the grain of reality.
To try to make some meaning out of all this seems.
Else it is—is short. That fate is cruel but maybe not.
Jeans jacket, catching him in a chokehold, pistol at.
Wheels caught and I was flung into ordinary.
It’s a long story. I’ll make it short as I can.
All things fall and are built again.
Sometimes you have to lose to win.
Bethlehem star. But we were not.
An excuse to bring out the bottle of sherry and visit.
Waiting at the wrong place, most like.
No money, holes in my socks, living off oatmeal.
And what is beauty? Terror.
All of the above.
No, he’s asleep. Where’s my mother? Is.
With mahogany in particular, it’s so tightly grained.
Nature red in tooth and claw.’ Perhaps she doesn’t.
Rain—was grappling for her wallet. Maybe.
Affectionate exasperated breath I knew.
Enough to show the black.
Never the way it seems—all good, all bad.
Other means) claiming to Hobie that I’d already sold the.
Telephone, Myriam’s not my wife! This— he handed.
Giraffe gestation is about thirteen to fifteen months.
Thanks. But I have to do.
Did she have a right to be angry?
How would you have handled Char at her birthday party?
Do you think age matters when it comes to friendship?
I love you, always. Time is nothing. Henry.
And to see years all present in your face.
I’m suicidal just thinking about it.
Dead is the most alone you can be.
Everything hurt but she did not mind.
By such little victories are wars and hearts won.
Have I mentioned before that being responsible sucks?
Think twice, act once, is what everyone says.
His nose in the door and.
It is only a fairy tale. They always end sadly.
Must love them for themselves.
These are astonishingly early processes. The.
Trust is a thing you know without words.
Mistress Blackthorn? Fool. Who else would it be?
Son. This was a revelation. The more she considered.
Thinking is the ultimate human resource.
My dear friend, there is always more to lose.
Time to go, Drizzt responded for the third time.
There can be no evil, nor any good, without intent.
I do not deal with denizens of the lower planes.
I pray that the world never runs out of dragons.
Come an’ play, stupid dogs, Bruenor chuckled wickedly.
Obould stuck it in deep, and stuck it hard.
Comes with such power.
Strides on ice are wisely tempered.
I do not leave enemies alive in my wake.
Friends help when they are not asked. Entreri.
With numbers comes strength.
Do you see the world as a prison or a playground?
Watch out for those health claims.
The potential of psychedelics to improve brain function.
I don’t work with crazies anymore.
The idea that brains create consciousness—an.
The banquet is in the first bite.
The whiter the bread, the sooner you’ll be dead. This.
What should we have for dinner?
Food is a costly antidepressant.
Maybe the problem with the box is that it is singular.
Only a fool believes that life has but one meaning.
I’m older than I’ve ever been before in my life.
Kroldech isn’t fit to command fleas attacking a dog.
Yes, said Talon, his voice the hiss of a coiled serpent.
The terror here was palpable.
We believe what we want to believe.
Resignation is a habit, and it is contagious. It.
Where power was perceived, power was given.
Dreams drawn from the sheath.
It … It … It is what it is!
Confederation Day every blessed year on December 12.
Sometimes the problem is to discover what the problem is.
To oppose something is to maintain it.
Talking about it changed it.
To hear, one must be silent.’ The.
Stealthily the stars slid forward into nothingness.
It is useless work that darkens the heart.
His heart going hard.
There is no break in the wholeness of time.
Most bigots are sincere.
The way that can be gone is not the eternal Way.. . . His.
I did not live my life as history is written.
Solitude was his fate; he was trapped in his heredity.
Go to bed; tired is stupid. Tomorrow.
To oppose something is to maintain it. They.
The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words.
He saw what was up and.
A meaningless question has only meaningless answers.
Meaning in art isn’t the same as meaning in science.
The unexpected is what makes life possible.
Passacaglia by the old master Buxtehude.
... nobody will obtain salvation by means of teachings!
Be aware of too much wisdom!
We are created and resurrected with our dreams.
Facts can be bent to conform to any thesis.
I walked to the heart of the neon smear.
David Meerman Scott says, You are what you publish.
Discerning the Core Values is a discovery process.
5. Pay now and consume later.
8. Follow the herd instead of your head.
Earth is indeed a crossroads in our galaxy.
Is reality simply a dream we share?
The first lesson reading teaches us is how to be alone.
To be so vigorous and healthy and yet so.
Impossibility is attractive.
Weak people hold grudges, Mom. Strong people forgive.
He blamed her both for liking his mother and for.
Young gentleman with whom she’s been osculating on.
Never been a washcloth user, no.
I tell you everything.
She was having an outburst with no advance warning.
So many . A plague of literary .
People steal elephants. It happens all the time.
There was no arguing with blood.
The infinite variety of human badness.
I’m just happy you’re home safely.
I may be dead tomorrow, I said to myself, but.
Him under house arrest was in his head. Hearing.
Two empty hours were a sinus in which infections bred.
Prayers move God. And God moves angels.
Want to hang on to your.
His history is redeemed not in minutes but in lifetimes.
Jesus was robustly thankful.
Which leads us to a second tool you need—an open Bible.
Occupied with something else.
Grace is a God who stoops.
You will never go where God is not.
Good days. Bad days. God is in all days.
The problem with this world is that it doesn’t fit. It.
There are certain things no one can do for you.
I told you, hon, I’m not a real person. This is my job.
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay. The.
Bird of Wide Experience I.
The very triteness of it seemed to ensure its likelihood.
What kind of heaven is that, you can’t have your records?
For true contentment, one must carry a book at all times.
Praise means so much when it comes from a lunatic.
Silence was darkness, and that naming shone a light.
We’ll walk from here to the.
In some way, every creative action disturbs the universe.
Tourists smelling of UV lotion and cannabis.
Shortest route to courage is absolute ignorance.
I did not know if androids could dream—.
—It is hard to die. Harder to live.
Ameliorative. He climbed.
If there is a God, I thought, it’s a painkiller.
Anything which deceives is evil, I believe.
Nothing smells quite as wonderful as old books.
You stay with her. I’ll follow it in.
My days were but heartbeats to you. I hated you for that.
We all retreat into ourselves in some way.
Her eyes are open but she does not see.
Suddenly a scream froze her in her tracks. It.
Said the bald little androgyny.
When I find the bullet iwill spit it out it out.
Martyrs of the Antarctic.
I was always waiting for you, she sent.
I nodded, understanding nothing.
Newspaper at that very table, and was racing.
Car. I headed down CA-116-the winding road.
The latrine broke my lion heart.
All I want is not to die on a day I went unseen.
There was stored substrata along.
A place belongs to anyone who has a use for it.
You have to stick up for yourself,he told me.
Her—nobody but Sarah;.
What’s next on your reading list? Discover.
Decided yet what to do with her, Annie said briskly.
Pitcher of sweet tea.
Neighbors saw you get out of the car. And you.
Casey shrugged. I need to find these things.
Stitches the needle was making, Kate Starr.
To mow the lawn.
And there, but certainly nothing.
Morning. Her gaze lowered to the screen.
Said. The hotel, not the.
The overwhelming scent of garlic was everywhere.
Tomorrow evening, about the time Mina was.
Shorthand contents of his steno pad.
Bob out of his momentary.
You think I could be of some help.
Help keep him alert through.
Sort of like sticks and stones can.
Down the ladder the.
Jenny frowned. That’s what happened to Sue Espy.
Came out first. I stayed inside to call 911.
A fork in that path. One fork leads to the.
There was a note with.
Everybody knows it rains like mad in Seattle in October.
Open and Heather led Archie Winter into the.
Stay and face whatever.
Asked. What’s wrong?
Seven others still on the loose.
Cochise County Animal Control officer. Years earlier.
Up? she asked, closing her computer and returning the.
Directed all visitors to report to the.
Dog—shook his head and tightened his grip on.
Who lived along the U.S. side of the border.
Involved. It took that long for her to grasp what was.
First you get old, and then you die.
Must have taken a.
She began. Her use of Joanna’s full name usually.
Don’t leave home without taking some Aleve.
J. A. Jance is.
Time the feather had become quite bedraggled.
He would wait. The guy.
Main gate of Fort Huachuca. I turned.
No matter who won this battle, a race would be wiped out.
The truth was sometimes more fatal than a lie.
And faded like a thin ghost into the spring air.
We should not, perhaps, assume that nature has a purpose.
Dresses, some of the girls in clothes which.
A court of law is not constituted to establish the truth.
Fear is the devil to hide.
Glock with an exceptionally long magazine.
A Fed, a local, and a consultant.
But we rarely see what we prefer to overlook.
That was the dirty little secret of 9/11.
I’ve always been a believer in repression.
Had been looking. The water on the glass was steady.
The curaçao and the Vandermint sat.
Everybody likes Anders. But if Vogel.
No one should go into debt to study creative writing. It.
Stopped by this. Even she, who knew next to nothing.
Cancer really was the devil’s handshake.
He hadn’t looked at the list, but if she were standing at.
Every leader has blood on her hands.
There is no progress without cost.
But elegance attracted me. I liked the way it hid pain.
Poor Zora – she lived through footnotes.
Do others have to lose so we can win?
Faith involves an acceptance of absurdity.
Was it wrong to hope to be happy?
A tap runs fast the first time you switch it on.
A mortifying sense of porousness.
But to create a real feeling—made.
She held herself apart, always.
A superstar takes everybody everywhere. What.
There is a mania in the playground for grabbing vaginas.
The clarity disturbed me. She.
Her subject was pride, in all its forms.
Even if you fear it you’re curious to see it.
How long that song seemed—longer than life.
My childhood took place in the widening gap.
Ryan is indispensable. There.
They were touched by the same inheritance.
Of her blood. Oh, I do not say these are.
But to be furious, murderously furious, is to be alive.
Called aral, island, in Mongolian.
You have to remember life is short, but.
Fame is everlasting!
Prudent, steadfast, and courageous.
The word algorithm was derived from al Khwarizm.
Bukhara. Before the year ended, the Mongols had.
Age is a meaningless commodity in most instances.
Jonas was careful about language.
He seemed much older and very tired, defeated.
What is in here? he asked loudly.
The long neck that extended from his stiff collar.
From across the room, Mama watched them.
I said it because it’s true. It’s the way.
This talk will be a private one with Jonas.
Don’t keep interrupting or I’ll never finish the story.
Ellen was motionless on the sidewalk.
Matty had felt this sensation—the.
The history of Denmark has much to teach us all.
But perhaps it was only an echo.
Memories are forever~ The Giver.
Our gifts are our weaponry.
His school lessons had been unusually.
And she asked to be released.
That he had this power frightened him.
Release was not the same as Loss.
Wondering what the best ways are to invest globally?
What comes from the heart enters the heart.
History teaches, but has no pupils.
Without Me you can do nothing… nothing.
Blessed also are the poor in spirit socially.
Ourselves are and may become. —URSULA K. LEGUIN.
Souls should have a pantry, however modest.
Don’t compromise yourself. You are all you’ve got.
There is no competition on the spiritual plane.
Made myself a peanut butter and olive sandwich.
Being alone is different from being lonely, you know.
Key to true happiness is lowered expectations.
Total sense, but it was as.
When in dread, my rule was always to procrastinate.
Of course when you have a Bob dog everything is dog food.
Kate’s phone rang, with the caller ID Nick McGarrett.
Do it with the bandaged hand, so he had the.
The law is for people who have nothing to hide.
Sometimes too hot the eye of heaven shines. Holy.
My grandmother says your grandmother is stalking her.
So I pulled the scrunchie off my ponytail.
Fault. Ranger tightened his hold on my neck.
I was hungry, too. I didn’t know what I was.
Lula and Grandma did a complicated high five.
Bottles of water on it to keep.
I ate the 100 Grand bar first, and then the Kit Kat.
Was chilling and eerily invasive. It tied the flowers.
I OPENED THE front door to Morelli’s house and Bob.
She was looking for.
Phone and warn her I’d.
Came through the mail.
I woke up completely entangled with Ranger.
Respect and love your readers. Write for the reader.
Where’s my candy bar? Lula asked. I don’t have.
Why would Munch want barium?
Vinnie slammed his door shut, and Lula stuck.
Carton and sleep in my bed. Maybe I can arrest him for.
Every other aspect of his life. He had the.
Exactly the garden spot of the Garden State. In truth.
Not that I’m aware, Sunshine said.
Morelli was an amazing lover, but Ranger was magic.
Here, Briggs said.
It was a Geek Squad badge from Best Buy.
Came out alive, Kate said.
Was that decision weighing on you?
Propped up on cinderblocks. An electric.
When are you going to start saying nothing?
I would have graduated higher, but I flunked gravy.
White lies are a gray area.
You’re his what? Amanuensis.
Ranger keeps small Third World countries secure.
Deedee is really very sweet, he whispered.
Believe just about anything.
Virgil said fortune favors the bold.
Girl, you could use those gift cards!
Hollywood these days. We’ve.
A few years back, a con to trick.
The game is afoot.
Together on tiny.
You are a magnificent and powerful person, I said.
She heard a scrape, and then a rustling sound.
There was only one thing he.
Church of the Fiery Vision.
What are those?
Beeson, wearing a rain jacket with the hood up over her.
Just look at it!
Please just let us choose and get it over with.
Father could hope for in a son.To have.
Kitty! Wishes are evanescent.
Lares of the Crossroads.
Sold into an indentured servitude.
Forbearance down as virtues intrinsic to his own.
Loved, and indulged to the full extent of her father.
Elbow grease is not a metaphor.
Too, rolled and.
Poverty is a social status.
You actually can be too rich or too thin.
What are we without the ones we love?
Strange in a familiar way, familiar in a strange way.
HIs life was always a happenstance.
Her fear was something useless that only hampered her.
Lakshmi, goddess of wealth.
Hole. The temperature climbed.
The sun was beginning to pull the curtains on the day.
Tiptoe to the water’s edge. They show their raiments.
Change becomes a habit and habits are hard to change.
A wandering corpse, a bundle of mindless functions.
Then normal sank.
This book was born as I was hungry. Let me explain.
Wild are, in practice.
People move in the hope of a better life.
Animals are also poisoned. And there are indecencies.
Proves to be a devastating hunter. Hyenas attack.
Communion with God in the middle of bags of flour.
You can keep your sweaty, chatty Son to yourself.
No greatness without goodness.
I don’t believe in religion. Religion is darkness.
Onanists breaking a sweat on monkeys, ponies, birds;.
With questions that are orders.
Alma Belasco had caught her attention. She stood.
Autumn of the Patriarch.
Not only serve the meal, they offer to cut the meat.
Purple tongue, and that the whitish hair that.
Oral contract, which if it lacked legal value was.
That were to drive us to the port to.
Saw females and children who appeared to.
Apropos of the observatory.
At least as old as synthetic penicillin—you.
Let the things of long ago drift away on the water.
Love and a cough cannot be hidden.
Kindness is scarce in the world.
We are together, all else can be endured.
Let the things of long ago drift away on the water.
How you enter something is how it will unfold.
Mozart, the most famous Wiener of all time.
On with the chase.
He felt old at eleven. Amy.
She was salted in the ladies’ room?
Follow him! Amy said urgently. Why? Do it!
Never trust a Cahill. They.
And there was her miracle.
Bladelike motion of the shoulders as she.
Which was still pretty ill.
What to do with the past? There was so much of it.
We are not our feelings.
Nothing fires up the brain like play.
The faintest pencil is better than the strongest memory.
It was like he was majoring in minor activities and.
Discern the vital few from the trivial many.
How the Mighty Fall, Jim Collins explores.
Science shows that even a nap can increase creativity. In.
The role of CEO as being the chief editor of the company.
Jim Collins’s Good to Great, in.
They were not just starting on the race to nowhere?10.
Jim Collins’s Good to Great, in which.
The faintest pencil is better than the strongest memory.
Yes. What should I deprioritise?
Charles Duhigg, author of the book The Power of Habit.
Chief creative officer at.
In order to have focus we need to escape to focus.
Saying no is its own leadership capability.
Fresh air won’t tire me, said the young Rajah.
Who had lost her mother.
Where, you tend a rose, my lad, A thistle cannot grow.
No one will remember you.
A lot of nice accidents have happened to me.
Things happen to people by accident.
I can’t say the words. They’re so queer.
Where you tend a rose, my lad, a thistle cannot grow.
When Miss St. John called le bon pain, lee bong pang.
I don’t think it would be good if they stayed always.
She is always starving for new books to gobble.
You are inside my heart.
You have the nicest eyes I ever saw.
She liked books more than anything else.
Dream—the real—real dream.
How dare you think?
Locations have been.
That he should actually let her.
Nothing, and Mr. Havisham kept her from suspecting.
Secret garden that morning, and in the midst of.
Color of gold. I have short black hair and green eyes;.
Had an active social life and enjoyed telling stories.
Overcrowding and poverty, that defied description, as.
She lay and listened to the quietness.
Into a passion and beat and kicked her, she looked only.
Them as is not wanted scarce ever thrives.
Ten to one.
As the plans of march made by great generals in.
She was so happy that she scarcely dared to breathe.
That the servant who stood by her bedside.
Perhaps it is the key to the garden!
Might I, quavered Mary, might I have a bit of earth?
Lad—what’s names to th’ Joy Maker.
You only have till Friday, Yoko pointed out. That.
Laziness in doing stupid things can be a virtue.
He rode into Haarlem the following afternoon with.
The grandeur false if you were not grand yourself.
In the cartoon of Sight. It.
Those events proceed, not in.
This is going to feel like a public flogging.
Memories are the enemies that never die...
And open the.
It’s all or nothing with Chris.
Another great start to a new fantastic series.
Chocolate isn’t food; it’s a drug meant to cure all.
No more. There is no in between.
You’re the one thing keeping me grounded.
Then he says, In a way, no one else has. No one.
I have that sense of connection with her.
It would be simpler than dealing with this sideshow.
We nod and grunt grudging affirmatives.
I’d rather watch you do the backstroke in lava.
Grievances of the lowest classes mingled with.
Truman claimed was the figure given him.
The prayers of those who hold religion in one hand, and.
With practice one could dodge the past almost entirely.
The way got harder. One day they made only a kilometer.
I prefer to call it fiscal decapitation.
A pinch of mother is worth a pack of shaman.
Religion could not be faked or used for worldly purposes.
Who programmed this thing?
Could we do both?
Existence is the experiment itself.
Each reality is followed by one stranger than the last.
We pretend that democracy is real, and.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, alive.
Pöpper called that monocausotaxophilia.
Epithet of the drunkard’s biscuit.
A world without fishing would be sad.
Port of Sexi.
All Quiet on the Western Front.
Softness overcomes hardness.
Romans often took family names from agriculture, Cato.
Weak as water.
Dare to lose your life and you will find it.
Jesus lived this joy of the Father’s house to the full.
The reward of choosing joy is joy itself.
Frequency, which tend to swallow.
Staggering gait. I wonder if he’s with the wedding.
Writes it down. I’ll look and see what I can.
To me, the white whale is that wall, shoved near to me.
Bloc, effectively guaranteeing that.
Confronted them now. When first presented.
You only fail if you stop writing. RAY BRADBURY.
The nightmare of living was begun.
Mildred had already anticipated this in a quavery voice.
Look at this mess! And where’s the mop?
What we do is us. Because of you. For that we came.
We carry our homes in our heads.
The darkness within darkness was still.
Mistakes can be profited by.
First with the head then with the heart.
Around a proposition or an idea or story willingly. Some.
Life has a habit of going on.
A sentiment, coming from it is not to be trusted.
The rich become rich by taking, and the poor by giving.
What right had she to dream the dreams of loveliness?
Hold me, Gerty, hold me, or I shall think of things.
You idiot! said his wife, and threw down her cards.
And strolled into the other room.
They mistook the smoke for the fire.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
His mind creates both his disappointments and his — joys.
When Satyagraha worked, both sides won.
You see, we are all dying. It’s only a matter of time.
The biggest danger that most couples face is boredom.
France, the Netherlands, Spain.
Turn off the camera.
Setting up Windows 7 to connect to a wireless network.
Bioengineers but by those who know who we are.
Of bed rest. Thee feared that his son was.
Great necessities call out great virtues.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Humility is the first and greatest of virtues.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
We should look beyond our noses;.
The habit of mobility had become ingrained.
It’s a bully speech, encouraged Roosevelt in reply.
Morning I was at work in the Labor Department.
Since I heard. Yes, Will, I do know her, and it makes.
Persuaded editors and publishers at a dozen leading.
What you are, more than anything, is alive.
One error at the beginning is quite likely just that.
Heaven only knows why we love it so.
There is so little love in the world.
Associates and collaborators were Roger Penrose.
Associates and collaborators were Roger Penrose, Robert.
Prosaic, pedestrian example, but everything.
Stereo system with MartinLogan speakers.
If you don’t cannibalize yourself, someone else will.
When he was turning thirty, Jobs.
Needed to be uncomplicated enough that a stoned freshman.
Computers today are brilliant idiots.
Creativity came through chance encounters.
The Loser Now Will Be Later to Win.
Number of sources.
Steve Jobs was famously stubborn and.
Unexpected results drove new theories.
Poetry as a language within a language.
Long live impudence!
Floor of Bethesda Naval Hospital, sick with duodenal.
The job of art is to chase ugliness away. Bono.
We are evaluating what possible actions should be taken.
He held himself back for a while, but not for long.
Lasting companies know how to reinvent themselves.
Berkeley to Jobs’s house.
Study of light hitting a head.
In the early summer of 2004, I got a.
How This Book Came to Be.
Me over the years, with occasional bursts of.
Attacking a Time correspondent for having wounded.
That whatever he was touting was the best thing he.
And he would take me to a sushi restaurant in.
Iconic photos of some of the same people we.
Decided then to write this book. Jobs surprised.
Medical leave. I confessed to her that when he had.
Wife and their three children had taken a quick.
Of creating new products. But his more important.
Edwin Land of Polaroid, said about the importance.
That started an exchange about the early history.
It was like sending a dog to review Cats.
Sight and snapped a switch on his call box. ‘Have.
I was as empty of life as a scarecrow’s pockets.
The same broken promise of a life of ease.
Raymond Chandler’s first novel came out at 51.
Lois Magic was not listed in the phone book.
I needed a drink and was in a hurry to get one.
Boredom is a mask that frustration wears.
This is not a Nora Roberts novel.
Encircling a large new habitat called Akureyri.
Desperate run for help to save the remnant of his failed.
If we get out of this, will you be my girl?
He seemed not to know that he was quite handsome.
Then he walked home and died.
No intelligent person in Blue believes that, of course.
JOE COULDN’T STAND the noise. The giant room they.
Who was wearing a very handsome.
Surprised. Then everyone, by unspoken.
Poking around in this dump, as it would be.
She had felt a surge of fear so strong.
Dark, wet sides of the well dropped maybe.
He laughed with a kind of mirthless bark.
Perch on the wall.
She was safe. She was warm and well fed. She was furious.
On a boat, the better.
A voice inside her asked.
Sadness enfolded her like a long black cape. p. 4.
If the countess was Death, then Death was a cheat.
Death wounds only is you let her.
Opium was decadent. Opium was for grandfathers.
If Jo is a tomboy and Amy a goose, what.
Love is a great beautifier.
Said slowly, May I ask you a question, dear?
Will go, said Jo, looking relieved as the idea occurred.
He came for her sake alone.
Many queer things passed through it as through.
Study of Shakespeare helped her to read character, or.
I was wondering how you and Amy get on together.
Was sixteen, and very pretty, being plump and.
But, like all happiness, it did not last long.
Earth hath no sorrow that heaven cannot heal;.
Grief is the best opener of some hearts.
God has ordered it all for the best...
It does seem as if the more one gets the more one wants.
Boards, said Jo. We ought to rehearse tonight.
Children should be children as long as they can.
A relief to all of them that the.
There are at least.
The belt buckle, it’s everything.
That dowdy little prig is that good in bed.
Yes, I’m right here, Savich.
His Webley in front of him.
She’d planted a bomb on his car? He saw no.
Have a sixth.
Pumped Sally’s hand. I’m Sally.
Savich said, Good. Everything sounds.
Sunlight in. He followed her into a nearby.
Look—it was gone real fast. Then he.
The beautiful roses.
Survived one trip into.
Memories about the past are always about the present.
Totally incompetent blowhard, an idiot and a fool.
Americans, they’ll have a legal means to recover.
Buck thanked the sheik and his trusted.
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Arms, and the other pulled the camera from.
Buck next brought up the subject of the.
The guy did okay for himself.
More complicated, and that awaited further Intel.
Old guys have seen too much, and they trust no one.
Be patient and curious instead of instantly judgemental.
Schools did not reveal truths, they concealed them.
The truth of us was always that you were our ring.
That stunted imagination is something I owe to my chains.
Would rather live white than live free.
Sometimes fail to walk the air.
I was made for the library, not the classroom.
Tail winds and happy landings.
Occasional gust of fretful.
He smashes the black car of his luck.
All the tall mad mountains of her mind.
What’s here doesn’t please you.
Kinds of water drown us. Kinds of water do not.
We live by waters breaking out of the heart.
The ones we love most are those we trust least.
That which is subtle can be more powerful.
Middle of a vast continent, somewhere near the undefined.
Much adapt to the environment as alter the environment.
Hearth to change. He had been watching from the Lion.
Or group of.
Figure of the First.
Was dark and no more inviting.
Nightmares of earthquakes, and.
The ones that counted were the ones that cared.
What will be will be.
Life is hard, deal with it. Working sucks, deal with it.
I could be hurt by something other than myself.
The hawk with talent hides its talons.
There wasn’t any.
Proposed as appropriate compensation. This reminds me.
Explanation of causes.
He waited until 1896 to build the first truck.
MY FIRST SUMMER living in New York, I couldn’t wait for.
Aladdin is in love!
Cough, cough, cough!
I hesitate. I feel like we forgot something. But what?
Did that girl really use up my spell?
Watches we wear from home.
Power is the ability to influence and control.
Safe and then sneak over to the.
Their anxiety, justified or not, was genuine.
Union and Liberty, now and forever, one and inseparable!
We of the South.
Was to secure.
Lunch can wait. Everything can wait. Time to run.
Moser was a great believer in checklists.
To know a country you must see it whole.
Buddhist sutra, the Tripitaka.
The doctrine of isolationism and.
Under the decree and guidance of the great King Sejong.
Pakdusan, Mount of Eternal Snow.
After the ancient ondul fashion.
Who rules well is always hated.
Nothing is destroyed, only changed.
But the boy only muttered bitterly,.
There is simply no alternative. We have to know them.
Hair and crumbs and unidentifiable orts to be vacuumed.
I still have a headache powder saved up.
Tidy up before leaving for the day. When.
Out whose side they were on. Even Fat.
An insouciant flip of the wrist—.
Confuse not the necessary expenses with thy desires.
A part of all I earn is mine to keep.
For each ten coins I put in, to spend but nine.
Wealth that comes quickly goeth the same way.
Where the Determination is, the Way Can Be Found.
Truth is always simple.
Cruelty comes in many forms — ignorance is one of them.
Come and greet me with kisses if you love me.
This book is dedicated to my mother.
Pleasingly plump figure.
Another year passed, much as the first did.
What had Sylvia done?
She was wearing shoes with.
Make something too secure, and it becomes less secure.
Blaming a person is seldom appropriate or useful, a.
Cultural constraints are likely to change with time.
No one knows the day or the hour.
A couple of sportsmen taking their ease.
It was like a class project in the structure of reality.
Most of our longings go unfulfilled.
Don’t we know when a death is passing in the air?
How much myth do we build into our experience of time?
He writes about mud and death and he makes me hungry.
The thing that hovers over every secret is betrayal.
This is the whole point of Babette.
The blank expanse is more powerful than you think.
Duller than ditchwater. Yah.
There are as many routes as there are individual souls.
Sometimes it’s a little better to travel than to arrive.
The competence of a speaker has no relevance to the truth.
The motorcycle is a system. A real system.
Stuckness. That’s what I want to talk about today. Back.
I always feel like I’m in church when I do this…The.
For me the real healers were seclusion and time.
There is only one way out—up the chimney.’ He.
Greed is not a racial but a human prediliction and.
The seed of greatness exists in every human being.
Into the ground. Sixteen iron rods would be.
Nobody can love what they don’t feel in their hearts.
Defiantly do the work instead and Resistance withers.
Seed of greatness exists in every human being.
Declared Tesla as the true father of radio.
Edison’s efforts then took a turn for the grisly.
Someday it all comes.
Grief, when it comes, is nothing we expect it to be.
Marriage is the classic betrayal.
- Because I feel sorry for you.
You were always so willful, never sweet.
Sometimes my scars have a mind of their own.
Stunned children stood in the middle of grubby yards.
He’s as smooth and shallow as glass.
Something bad was going to happen.
Whenever I hear that phrase.
Why bother? It’s impossible to compete with the dead.
It was him. The boy in ‘I met a boy!
Sometimes the answer is at the bottom of a bottle.
Of course it was.
The world will always need a drink.
Serve as the Find Amy Dunne.
I would have done anything to feel real again.
I created a manuscript, and she created a life.
If you’re always early, you’re never late.
Like rules that make sense, not rules without logic).
My life has begun to feel like an epilogue.
This is unacceptable … no more coffee, thanks.
I’m a big fan of the lie of omission.
Teeth coming down on the tip of my.
Noelle forced the crowd to part for.
Ska, I said, swerving toward delirious laughter. Great.
When I think of my wife, I always think of her head.
And considers that the two dead girls are worthless and.
Sixty seconds is a long time to know you are dying.
He was verbally poking a bruise.
The world will always want a drink.
The far side of the room, the anagram.
Things may not be great, but things will be okay.
The bigger the lie, the more they believe it.
It was kind of romantic. Catastrophically romantic.
I don’t feel real anymore. I feel like I could disappear.
He never had the talent, just the hard wish.
Time to drop the illusion.
What a pure way to die.
Best friends are the people who know us best.
It costs a lot to live.
There’s no ‘When Your Wife Goes Missing 101.
I have a meanness inside me, real as an organ.
I opened the door. Nonononono.
Sometimes it is all too loud. T.
I was raised feral, and I mostly stayed that way.
There was just me, left wretched in my childhood bed.
Nothing to it but to do it, nothing to it but to do it.
Oh, that sounds like too.
Occurred! Amy was shot! But then I realized.
On the way to the beauty parlor.
Stretched our legs, shook ourselves awake. The night.
I don’t want to panic them,’ I said. ‘If we don’t.
All this could have been avoided if I were less pretty.
Showtime! 6-0-0 the clock said—in my face, first thing.
What does an administrative assistant do? I wondered.
Of all this? Gilpin.
Maybe I’d grow a garden of weeds.
The world is black and then, showtime!
It is now two million square feet of echo.
It was hit or miss.
Missed that place. Lavish, finely decorated.
People she loved. Happy people. Lots of people.
Government guarantees on its word of honor.
Every night when the hours grew too long.
In this world of everything.
Death really did not matter to him but life did.
His bones began to fill with sounds.
Arizona had more mountains than Switzerland.
Hughes has to say. In the cold light of morning.
Or mop up vomit and other bodily fluids from.
Mother’s eyes widen.
What could have been Henry Cutter’s.
Somewhere, waiting for you. Nothing is ever lost.
For its very excellent and very.
So far away. He lives in Vence, not in Jerusalem, she.
The sordid necessity of living for others.9.
Calvin had said, his hands hard at his sides.
Soon is such a long word.
Mam said I was growing up. I felt that I was dying.
The heart of a prophet is not his own to bestow.
I never promised I would write the truth.
The truth from his ears, waxed strong.
Eved hamalek. The servant of the king.
The Truth can set us free.
Change wasn’t necessarily bad. It was just scary.
Life and death are only different positions on the wheel.
Music, the knife without a hilt.
Khátún, what is his face?’ ‘A lemon?’ said Philippa.
Humility is a virtue Scotsmen require to be taught.
Extraordinary, is it not, how he cannot bear music?
I rather think one of us drunk is sufficient.
Strophe and counterstrophe reached their epode.
Mime doesn’t always mean comedy, my dear; far from it.
This officer, but doubt, is callit deid.
Words is but wind but dunts is the devil.
You are not being badgered; you are being invaded.
He had survived that. He would survive this.
My beloved is dead. ―.
Someone sobbed. Someone said,.
Oh,’ said Philippa. ‘Checkmate,’ Lymond said.
If I did not know how to live, I shall know how to die.
As if nothing had happened.’ ‘Well. Nobody knows.
Warfare and trickery. It is your natural element.
What is there but untruth and heartbreak wherever you go?
She lived in her head and that’s why it glowed.
You still have to eat.
I also reread my Nancy Drew collection every few years.
She then slapped a Hello Kitty bandage over the cotton.
Threw me off guard. The chief’s eyes crinkled.
You are my only accomplishment.
We are one …… I am what she was, she is what I became.
Should have told you . . . betrayed . . . the Bile . . .
Keys to the Kingdom Mister Monday Garth Nix BOOK ONE.
Both of them often turned to gaze at Sabriel.
Pause friend, be smelled and enter!...
I love you, he whispered. I hope you don’t mind.
What’s too late? asked Mogget. Hold.
Justice comes from the soul.
Retractable roof, a pair of black, white and red.
The ground for I know not how long. Of course.
And been committed to a home for the bewildered.
The same thing that’s happened.
We don’t have the luxury of thinking,’ said Mother.
A child had no choice but to forgive.
Like Ronald Reagan said, trust but verify.
Did when her hair was washed. When Mother finished she.
Elevator and a buzzer that opened the front.
Perfectly all right with me.
Conversation from the living room was boring, all.
At first guests were amused by.
The front, brushed her teeth, and went to bed.
Is not me all over again, she thought fiercely. I was.
Sort of wail that leads to fighting with fangs and claws.
Just check out.
Made him tick. Was it.
Diminutive Mr. B was a private eye. The.
They cut her and cooked her and ate her up.
Licata’s free hand clapped over his gaping mouth.
What I want is Lightower’s office.
The rookie at the barricade at around forty. There.
It had been right there in.
She flipped on her computer to.
Thanksgiving turkey in the world.
After a torrential rain. Acadia and her.
And I pulled the alarm.
She sugared and milked.
We is so much better than I.
Wanted a toilet.
Stanford said, He’s in.
Want the world to know how I felt about her. But now.
Human skin hisses like a rattlesnake when it burns.
Tommy has a plan.
BACON! he screamed. BACON! BACON! BACON! So.
Guy’s a junkie, but he’s not stupid.
I’ve already got a couple of awesome ideas. Leo.
Make firebombs—for our protection only.
Pupils indicate someone who’d been.
Talamas as she races through her.
But incredibly angry and really, really crazy.
And House are enemies….
Even for a meth addict. She was sleeping.
Going to nail this Hazmat.
Bring in any of the habitués of that drug house.
To quote Yogi Berra, it was déjà vu all over again.
Jacobi called Lindsay on his Nextel.
BECAUSE I’M REALLY GOOD, Rhonda added.
Whoever said time is on your side sure never had twins.
Lab workers as subjects.
I CAMe uP WiTH SOMe PReTTY COOL ART.
I climbed out of my old Porsche in the staff.
Each other and laughed.
To hurt you, miss. That’s the truth.
I’m glad you feel that.
Ten times a day. I was shorthanded, so it wasn’t.
His eyes sarcastically. Actually, my.
Most folks around here said, ‘Good riddance.
Mahoney tooted the horn again.
Object to that as well. The judge said.
Growled, And, yes, my heart will break.
Earthen berm that ran next to the nearest set of tracks.
It’s decaf. Just terrible. A memory of real coffee.
To tell about that for sure yet.
She braked at Washington, watched the.
And, thus, the strength of the fire. He’s taking.
Corner to the front of the store, where the buff.
Gharsi’s to attend the service, Emily.
He and I have history;.
I really cared about him.
What happened in August of this year.
You, Jamie Grimm, are the new Gru! From.
Been tutoring his son Ted.
Failure isn’t falling down… it’s staying down.
Pages turn themselves.
What are we but our stories.
Paul Richardson paused in his pacing around.
Death is nature’s way of saying howdy. Statues.
Loud laughter, phones ringing and the smell.
Building had turned out to be murders. She.
A gutsier move than that one. Boxed inside the fast.
I’m not sleeping with him.
From quivering as the lights hit me, and the car rolled.
And the gradual realization that he was.
Away as he’d watched the Neanderthal.
I came here I paid a visit to Eagle.
But I didn’t need Prince Charming.
Success comes in cans, not cannots.
She began to choose her own projects, Marilyn.
Reconciliation of views.
He paused, thinking, so Dobson asked again that we sit.
Wow... Good wow? Standing ovation wow.
His reply is anguished. Honest. I love you.
I know he is smiling, and my heart races.
It’s the beginning of everything.
And if I’m the stars, Cricket Bell is entire galaxies.
Losing his hair. Ms. Chase and me.
He paused and manufactured a chuckle.
By Monroe County Sheriff Sonny Summers said.
Malley told the shrink that she’d run away because Justin.
Sucking on a football.
Want Mrs. Starch to come back!
Dug in, but he seemed to be feeling no.
Cab Mulcahy poured the coffee. Skip Wiley drank.
The real teacher is endurance.
He always puzzled me —except when I had him in my arms.
One learns nothing from those who return our love.
The purpose of life is to see, the writer Jack Turner.
We form the future by being caretakers of our past.
That the facts often concealed the truth.
I suddenly have a million kisses I have to give her.
Every Wolverine fan knows who that is.
Nothing is born as strong as it can become.
Disdain is only as intense as similarity.
The First Mistake in Public Business Is the Going into It.
Published, Beverly minister John Hale had produced.
My soul abhors a falsehood.
To a life of quiet desperation... and not leading it.
Canada is a free country, after all.
Inside out, with all the Sturm und.
For three days her father.
Indifference is the strongest contempt.
In short, he must be loyal only to his art.
I have never met a miserly wine lover.
Bordeaux are named after châteaux. Castles.
We expect a wine of quality to demand something from us.
His eyes were like the shoelaces of a harpsichord.
Truth is stranger than fishin.
You had to be a plumber to fish that creek.
She was a perfect freeway Mona Lisa.
Strangers always look big on the football field.
Ought I to dress it? What I mean is, the first act.
I sank into a c. and passed an agitated h. over the b.
There was nothing of the flaneur about the Bowery boy.
The Spanish for ‘vacuum’ is aspiradora.
And bottles and they left.
Words are things.
Death is what the living carry with them.
He slept little and he slept poorly.
When the Papayuna is pining you need to call home.
He never sleeps. He says that he will never die.
I think the dead have no nationality.
The cold relentless circling of the intestate earth.
Most of the time, but I didn’t want anything.
There are some things you just can’t cover up.
No. Just stating facts. You and me? Inevitable.
Her own boss. When she thought about all that, was the.
Faces that it was.
Decency to call me and give me an update.
CID attachment and perform.
Painted three quadrants.
He had worked spasmodically.
Anne says, It is all about me.
The king’s council, and obliged him, Thomas Cromwell, by.
In a generation everything can change.
What kind of persons writes fiction about the past?
In case the dead ones rolled in late.
Distraught. It seems he claims.
People confuse early rising with moral worth;.
As the great Moltke used to say, Genius is diligence.
But illusions don’t die all at once—.
Rejected content will come out somewhere else. That.
Begin laughing too, though they have no idea why. Which.
Old textile mill, which was in the process of being.
Memories are time beings.
A paradox for sure, but such a relief.
Do you have to live to be a hundred to really grow up?
My last thoughts, measured out in drops of ink.
Are you a male or a female or somewhere in between?
Time interacts with attention in funny ways.
If you transcribed it, it would.
Because confidence is like respect; you have to earn it.
Neither of us gets to be the princess all the time.
Confidence is like respect; you have to earn it.
What can I say? Every tooth I have is a sweet tooth.
What? He can’t possibly mean to—.
It took seven hours for Azen to die.
Dark Portal and the Blasted Lands.
Even here, even now, one did not joke about the Emperor.
Bloodied, broken corpse.
Sad drunk was just as bad as a mad one.
It’s a promise to the rebels. It’s called Inferno Squad.
Impossible. Not after everything that’s happened.
We could still have it.
Knights of the Silver Hand.
No, Jack struggled to quip, but.
With his arms resting across the back. We’re witnesses.
It was a gift. The.
The natural spillway where the branch and the.
The thing about love is you always end up losing it.
Den a lot of times myself, she confessed.
Muggles was back.
On their wedding day?
Kibble, coffee and a few other staples, and headed.
Perspective is everything.
Instill calm—not by force but by example.
You’ve got this.
Think of the cold sweat when you’re stressed about money.
Without the pestilence of panic or fear. Rockefeller.
Doesn’t mean you have to agree. Just.
Destruction—of every one of our obstacles.
It certainly feels that way sometimes.
As a result, we carry all kinds of biological baggage.
We can learn to focus on what things really are.
Or possibly thriving because of—them.
How we react to them, and whether we keep our composure.
Apply yourself to thinking through difficulties—.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Respect the craft and make something beautiful.
We are prepared for failure and ready for success.
If you need help, comrade, just ask.
If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.
Only you know the race you’re running.
Each day presents the chance to overthink things.
Today, let’s focus just on what’s in front of us.
Find clarity in the simplicity of doing your job today.
The only real failure is abandoning your principles.
Silence is the respite of the confident and the strong.
The more your users stick, the more it will spread.
The focus needs to be in improving customer retention.
Growth HAcking is more of a mindset that a tool kit.
Whatever your current state is, it can be better.
Subtlety, which was heading back for the.
The Colonel talked into the mike near his shoulder again.
We are what we do, not what we think.
This isn’t Ospin! These aren’t the Dataversities!
Most people are not prepared to have their minds changed.
Neeporlax presented something of a contrast.
The smell was that of a sewer under an abattoir.
Long sweeping swathes of darkly torrential rain.
There is never a happy ending because nothing ever ends.
They broaden our outlook… set us to looking inward…
There’s more meaning than magic to this. The.
For no one can keep a unicorn in his head for long;.
The long road hurried to nowhere and had no end.
That is most of it, being a wizard—seeing and listening.
Switchblade, he snapped it open, then waited.
You bend over backward to keep.
I looked at Liam. He choked on a laugh.
Rafe said again.
I make the choice because it is one I can live with.
I believe you are conflating your fantasy worlds. You.
And then it will rain.
And much more interesting.
You wear out. You see too much. Every breath hurts. The.
We’re sick of ourselves.
The murderer is not protected! He is vulnerable. TO.
This web of intricate connections.
Stroke recently. A friend at least a decade.
Edmund White, I said. Joyce Carol Oates.
The terrible intimacy of pregnancy.
My brain is sending poison to my heart, he told Homer...
Hardy’s The Mayor of Casterbridge.
Foreshadowing is the storytelling companion of fate.
Churchill Park have their bellies turned toward the sun.
Am I not here, for I am your mother?
Some unexplainable things are real.
You think you have a memory; but it has you! Later.
Good habits are worth being fanatical about John Irving.
Americans are suckers for an English accent.
– with his own very male instincts, which were otherwise.
Aren’t eccentricities fairly common among overachievers.
Understanding makes the mind lazy.
Open the doors, the Russians say, here comes trouble. On.
I wanted to be a Poet and a Poem.
It’s cause and effect, Vernon.
Strategic Air Command in Omaha.
Tick … tick … tick. Time, the king of cruelty.
The wood smoke gave the whole place the scent of autumn.
Excuse me, you taught trope in Theresienstadt?
Verbal fraud is worse than monetary fraud.
Call it what you like.
He never says anything off the top of his head.
In truth, it made me pity him, and see him as a fool.
That was the beginning of her abstraction.
People with big names aren’t always big people.
Memory is a dream to begin with.
They’ll die, and then they’ll be dead.
Be still, My son, and know that I am God . . .
Time didn’t stand still, even for the greatest of love.
Light wasn’t enough to chase away the darkness today.
God’s timing is perfect.
On their morning walks, the girls’ hearts were.
We can trust Him with the plans He has for our lives.
Never settle for the longings of the world.
Police caught up with him on January 22 and again.
Faith like a child … that’s how I want to live.
Love was a decision.
My family and my faith are everything to me.
Believers need to be visible.
Even if their lives would never be the same afterward.
From what I found out.
And the eyes are the lamp of the body.
Didn’t hesitate. They rode down.
Daughter . . . above all else, guard your heart.
LOVE HAPPENS WHEN PEOPLE FORGIVE.
Do not fear … remember, perfect love drives out fear.
When love was perfect, it would always cast out fear.
Every single person. Regardless of their sin struggle.
Keep Christ at the center.
So … what’s your secret? Being happily married so long?
Not all first loves were forever loves.
Don’t just be hearers of the Word of God. Be doers.
Sometimes God calls us to a place and time for a season.
For us … to long for God is to long for a perfect love.
Love in grace and truth.
Silence did not always mean indifference.
The boys in line. Hildemara didn’t receive a reward for.
Feuding and revenge were ingrained in their lives.
Word of the Lord.
Confessions. For whose benefit besides one’s own?
Walking into oblivion to claim love.
I had misplaced you, and now I was losing them, too. Then.
But is truth the same as memory?
Let’s all throw unhappiness overboard.
Confessions. For whose benefit besides one’s own? T.
When you seek it, you cannot find it. We.
Nehemiah i is a blend of prayer and action.
Hold everything loosely.
Cigar, and walked up and down before the house, a portly.
She would earn her living.
Dull and repetitive lifestyle.
Human behavior is timeless.
Was compared by Dante to both a slave and a brothel.
Disorder is the least tolerable up sinful conditions.
Connection was the cement of the governing class.
Everything took on the color of blood.
The Republic cured me of the Republic.
Even his own speeches bored him.
Honor wears different coats to different eyes.
Duty was not untinged by ambition.
He believed that rank without power was a sham.
Kitchener up to London, but could not yet nerve himself.
The Archimedean point where the lever can be applied. At.
Pessimism is a primary source of passivity. As.
Each day he grew older and learned something new. Strong.
Drink thy blood, Beaumanoir, and thy thirst will pass!
Canada was regarded as a hostage to restrain Britain.
If being brave were easy, more people would be.
Your internal thoughts determine your outer world.
Share your happiness with others—its contagious!
Integrity is a most valued human quality.
What turns you on, tunes you in, and lights your fire?
Integrity, once tarnished, or broken, is hard to recover.
At the centre of the Light there is a cold white flame.
Including him in the words.
The sky dark with wheeling birds.
You, Warburton, I would have.
I really have no idea,’ replied Worth.
Thither the Chief Inspector wended his way.
I could manage him,’ she sighed. ‘Oh, but I could!
For the vernacular which he was adept at converting.
You can forgive a lot when a dim day has a happy ending.
Pretend you’re in the Met. You don’t catch them thinking.
Old age should burn and rave at close of day.
The clouds of night opened like ink blossoming in water.
In 1939, London was the largest city in the world.
I love them but I cannot give myself for them.
With eyes like he’s been to the edge and looked over .
He had made his trip without quite realizing it.
And crying doesn’t always mean need.
He’d traveled in a straight line and completed a circle.
Knowing he couldn’t go back to.
Our where determines our who, Reg Saner once wrote.
The present cut cleanly, like a scalpel.
Life is written in each thing and each word.
Opened in 1874.
Out I was going to crash the car into a telephone pole.
Girl, you could use those gift cards!
Don’t think. See.
Come four more stages that have almost nothing whatever.
Every legend has one foot on the truth.
I was becoming slightly bored.
Again, yet from that minute that that occasion.
I was older, heavier, and completely berserk.
Within the circle of the fire, where part.
I marched into the shop and bought the vases.
What is it ye have there, Murtagh?
He was saying was.
Along. It was a week after we had set out, in a.
Your face is my heart.
Moments and revert to his normal swagger and talk, you.
Came a day when the food.
All loss is one, and one loss becomes all, a.
Into a wolf? The wary dislike stamped.
River among most boatmen, I thought.
Shove that filthy spike.
Reached out and squeezed Fiona’s hand. She.
You just said that you suspect my husband of wanting to.
Gruff. He jerked his head at his.
Small bottle of penicillin tablets.
In her voice that.
It took a bit more argument, but at last she consented.
Are like sherry in crystal, and.
Box with me, so there was little I could.
He wrapped his arms about his.
I pulled the chemise off.
Small porch; wooden, but filled—mirabile dictu!—with.
His hesitation. Is it a.
Conscience as her lover. Her husband.
Uncomfortable, but safe.
Of a musket ball embedded in his.
Fois shìorruidh thoir dha, he echoed. God rest his soul.
Until we two be burned to ashes.
Incongruous that he laughed. And then realized that there.
Conversation turned ineluctably toward.
Panes in an attempt to get a better look at.
Chin—and there it was. I near beshit myself.
Not Duncan, but Da’s down there.
The wards. They may assist with the distribution.
Ornamental yew bushes. There.
Well, he is human. And perhaps he’s not a monster yet.
What I said to ye, before … that I kent ye loved me—.
Hello, the house! she.
But it was something to do with the paintings …
Highland Clans office.
Suppose—maybe medicines? They’re covered.
I sniffed, wiped my nose, and took his arm as we.
I lifted the pistol a little.
Blindness, and I was.
He told me. About everything.
Who was she?
Holes in his back that he.
Buildings; clearly the intention was to nudge.
Oh, I said, very touched. Thank you.
Still point of the turning world.
The great epics sang of war, the novel of marriage.
We were reckless with the implications.
Biosynthesis and peripheral action of testosterone.
He had been a teacher so long he had a sink in his room.
Asked to translate different bits.
Plate, nor did Mrs. Bates, who had once wept when we set.
The mouth is small but well shaped, kissable, musical.
Our inner selves can’t help but come along.
When time is remote enough nobody amounts to much.
I am a girl of definitions, of logic, of black and white.
Her definition of cheating and his was always different.
The moon made me do it.
Rushing, rushing, rushing. We are always rushing.
Home is not a place. It is a feeling.
Time can’t be given. But it can be shared.
A watched iPhone never syncs.
IPhone just synced perfectly with toaster. All is well.
A real scholar with a bright pen.
Do not stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles.
Millay sonnets sound like a lecherous cat.
I’m not telling the troot, no?
Don’t live in tomorrow’s problems.
That indeed there is no greater theft than that of time.
God, don’t let me be an old fool, I prayed.
Eyes like light trapped in sherry.
Thank you for downloading this Simon & Schuster ebook.
He had it completely gutted and rebuilt. Walls.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
People should consider themselves citizens of the world.
Special trip to Japan with.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.4.
The calm in the vortex.
Hired by Jobs in 2000.
Oldest child of Steve Jobs and Laurene Powell.
Youngest child of Laurene and Steve.
There many afternoons to seek him out. He was entranced.
Employee, developed graphics for the Macintosh. C.
Mac in a book.
Six feet tall, with a passing resemblance.
It takes a lot of hard work.
Public awareness is an important component of innovation.
Based on international law.
Those sentences are somewhat clotted.
An irresistible glimpse into his complex and often.
There’s a deep current of humanity in our innovation.
Worth at $872 million.
We try to use the talents we do have to.
2 The firm changed its name from frogdesign.
Convinced Shockley not to launch his own.
The best semiconductor engineers in the country.
The journey is the reward.
Won’t Work. Apple’s former chief financial officer.
Walter Isaacson, the CEO of the Aspen Institute.
Really don’t apply to Apple’s culture. Levitt later.
Which I had recently joined, and I invited him.
But now that I was no longer at either of those.
He just started.
Especially when he was launching a new product that.
Summer of 2004, I got a phone call from Steve Jobs.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
What’s on your iPod?
His wager. It would turn out to be a happy marriage.
Neglect is a form of abuse.
Interviews with more than a hundred family members.
With the SWAB JOB school prank sign.
Jobs’s triumph was soon complete. A few weeks after.
Deflected his suggestion that I write a biography of him.
Launched his Think Different campaign, featuring iconic.
Was restored to the throne at Apple, we put him on.
And extol his new Macintosh. He was petulant.
Wanted instead to take a walk so that we could.
Embrace uncertainty, the ads read.
Only the paranoid survive.
Markets rather than merely chasing old ones.
The importance of spawning new.
Innovation happens in stages.
Love your enemies, for they will tell you your faults.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Nature is pleased with simplicity.
I came to work with Steve for a week, Lin recalled.
It’s best not to mess with karma. Why.
When nature gave us tears, she gave us leave to weep.
When nature gave us tears, she gave us leave to weep.34.
Head of Disney Studios, clashed with Eisner and resigned.
Lost time is never found again.27.
He never trusted Jobs with a key to the stockroom.
Symmetry is only a property of dead things.
It seems that age folds the heart in on itself.
One should not, after.
When you need money, Wall Street is a heartless place.
Price is what you pay, value is what you get.
A better age would have to follow.
Panacea. This created a plethora of anomalies. The Syr.
You seek and accept only the best, you are a maximizer.
There is a cost to having an overload of choice.
I mean, everything beats me, even twos and threes.
Losing weight. When we finish eating this horse I.
They might last another year or two.
Do to have.
Lady Molly, perhaps?
And Vivian eyed something no one else could see. Then.
Light had dawned in the utter darkness.
I have never found ‘luck’ a dependable companion.
If she was finished.
I am watching bees.
Do not seek after truth. Merely cease to hold opinions.
Mere curiosity has become profound scientific research.
You’re the one you’ve got to live wit.
One way or another, all our houses are glass.
I Am the Architect of My Own Destiny.
Death the only god who must come when he’s called.
Asked Paul to help him put it out on the.
The sunlight on her hair.
It is the goddess Kali, Mrs. Dixit explained brightly.
Brahmin who’d learned the tribal dialects. He refused.
I hope not, but hope makes a flimsy armor.
Still, it was better than being trampled by teddy bears.
Besides, there was always hope, wasn’t there?
Everybody is tense. Tad does his best to.
Tudor historians were adept at rewriting history.
Henry VIII owned more than eight hundred carpets.
Kings who become prisoners are not far from death.
With no more weight than a shadow.
She’s mad. Best leave her be, in case it’s catching.
Good intentions never wrote a story worth reading.
Lyra swore with every word she knew.
Nothing is just anything.
She’s innocent, and she loves easily.
You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
Ferocious and meaningless screams.
And she saw a bed of lamb’s lettuce, or rapunzel.
The Musicians of Bremen.
There is an angel called Metatron.
Lyra marvelled at the effect hope could have.
Life was about to begin, so Arsenal had to go.
So, have you split up now?
You can choose your friends, but not your relatives.
Why should I be melancholy? England wasn’t in sight yet.
Children are something we want or don’t want.
My life was in her hands .
The less of a life, the more mail you need.
...and what is memory but a rope slung across time?
And reduce the influence of political action committees.
Why wasn’t Donald Trump invited to your party?
Busyness is an enemy of true Kingdom experience.
Jesus heals the whole person.
Hope always speaks the loudest.
God is a Person, not a machine. He longs for fellowship.
God is bigger than His book.
Reaction to error almost always creates another error.
Her grief is replaced with a useful sadness.
And she was in love.
I had to do it for myself.
What about little microphones? What if.
We would have been safe.
Even Alf is not humorous at times.
In Ukraine one cup of coffee is five dollars!
Punch with your mouth and talk with your feet.
My brain started misbehaving, and.
She is deranged, I said, but so so playful.
You only get to keep what you refuse to let go of.
I don’t speak, he wrote, I’m sorry.
I hope you never love anything as much as I love you.
Embarrassment is the Parmalat of emotions.
Reason to do anything other than bypass and ignore. And.
All the more reason for you to go.
You certainly should.
Long ago I had become my own confidant.
Jane resembled nothing so much as a pregnant angel. She.
The eurozone was flawed at birth.
She is prey to interior winds he never felt.
Doubt is the essence of Christ.
Gamers in the house forever.
Things then did not delay in turning curious.
Without terror how can the few rule the many?
When the Dragons belch, all Hong Kong defecates.
It is sometimes wise to be abstract.
You can find friends in manure, sometimes, my son.
It is untenable to go through life as an exposed wound.
The less space they take up, the more they matter.
Being useful was a balm.
Weight loss, thinness really, was social currency.
The unspeakable will be televised.
This is no way to live but this is how I live.
Nemeses aren’t born. They are made.
Luck and loneliness, it would seem, are very compatible.
My hands, my fingers quickly slicking with.
There would always be ransoms for any dignity or peace.
Salvation is certainly among the reasons I read.
You are whom you surround yourself with.
Anger without action leads to riots.
I am good at following rules when I choose to.
I am always holding on to the hope of tomorrow.
I was so free. I was free, in a prison of my own making.
When I read, I could forget.
I lost my voice but I had words.
When I wrote, it was so easy to be happy.
And there was still a lot of soft snow in the bush. We.
Minutes died serially into hours. Bruno.
His ironies were ghoulish now.
Can we belong anywhere? Should we try?
Isn’t it strange how wealth is always wasted on the rich?
People want everything. That’s their problem.
His facetious grace in writing, and much else.
There. I had thought we would have.
In the words of Carl Sagan.
Nether Hambleton and Middle Hambleton.
While—for a couple of minutes—it’s actually.
Even his housekeeper communicated with him by letter.
The Earth at last had a position in space.
In fact, overwhelmingly museum displays are artificial.
In short, there is just a great deal we don’t know.
Electric jugs for all.
Does anyone really need 50 percent more of plenty? The.
Where everyone stinks, no one stinks.
Silbury Hill in Wiltshire.
The basement. Katz.
The beaver and bear nearly.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
Language is more fashion than science.
The words of history are also the words of war.
Mental institutions, rural health clinics. Once, he met.
The battle in defense of natural resources.
Siblings ran the overt and covert arms of foreign policy.
The former colony itself becoming colonialist.
Nations just as it breaks the will of human beings.
The business of living can steal away the wonder of life.
You see me as prey? Behold my claws and reconsider.
She’s related to one of the barons. With all.
Love and honor, treasures above value.
A soft answer turneth away wrath. OLD TESTAMENT.
Have you no shame?
I would have you beside me, he told her huskily.
One disastrous marriage in this family is aplenty.
Home was where Hunter was, anywhere he was.
You have stolen my heart.
Did she know she took with her a little bit of his heart?
I cannot fight an enemy whose face is hidden.
You will lie with me in my buffalo robes?
I like your face, Blue Eyes. It is carved upon my heart.
His arm was her shield, just as he had promised.
How can you not hear the song my heart sings, Blue Eyes?
You have stolen my heart from me, Blue Eyes.
You are the wife I want. One wife, for always.
You belong to this Comanche.
Hmm? She stopped and looked back.
Crackle of the.
It was suddenly.
Death had no lips, but it was smiling.
Truth is irrelevant to the treading out of brain paths.
I adore complaining— it calms the nerves.
Mr. Farrier is acting weird.
Spotty can run—faster—than—Watch!
Benny let out a moan as everything fell to the floor.
Not have been.
Why would anyone steal a menu?
Top of those. Violet filled her arms with brush.
We don’t recommend you try this one at home.
Even in sleep, the wizard had an iron grip.
After lights out Charlie and Fidelio went to the bathroom.
Besides, everyone’s equal when they sleep...
Possess all things as if you possessed them not...
And so, senora, or senor, or whatever you prefer to be.
He who seeketh danger perisheth therein.
He finally resolved to call the horse Rocinante.
At times the just must pay for sinners.
Casildea de Vandalia, the rawest and best.
What covers you discovers you.
A king’s crumb is worth more than a lord’s loaf. ‘This.
No history is bad if it be true. If.
Scholarship without virtue is like pearls in a dunghill.
Scholarship without virtue is like pearls pearls.
The first thing he did was to clean up some armour that.
Vows and swoonings unnumbered.
She who does not hesitate is lost.
Her voice of raw egg white.
Well, I don’t howl. Not quite. But I feel like howling.
Didn’t dare to peer into the future.
Mum’s suddenly become interested in LOC.
Love is finding one person infinitely fascinating.
Husband disappeared? Order in your lover instead.
A whole group of tech whizzes are.
Maybe this is karma.
People move on. Friendship end.
Buy calmly and with meaning.
Lenore had pushed her into had been a complete disaster.
Don’t give up before the miracle happens.
Your camellias are holding up.
As they walked home, and she would.
Clyde. This here’s Bonnie.
And not actually the great sacrifice that I’m making.
Mind her when I’m away?’ I stayed overnight in.
If it was that beautiful, why did I leave you.
I employ this thing I called The Shovel List.
And it mightn’t be.
Worrying about the unimportant and ignoring the vital.
Paths would have already crossed.
Why would we ‘swing’ when we had praying?
RV. His hands plunged into his pockets, heading toward.
Of those, Nora said.
For the past several years.
Do what makes your heart beat.
Was—there was already a lot of activity.
I can count.
Waterfront little shanties like this one had.
Scars are much tougher than virgin skin.
Nobody ever won a race by standing at the starting line.
I needed a purpose greater than myself.
Life was precious and not to be taken for granted.
Weeks, by the end of June it had stretched to almost.
Nicholas waved for her to precede.
We wear the purple.
Stay Longer and you will hear the beginning of your death.
I have walked all my life through this tarnished world.
Paper fell out of the book. It was a page torn from.
It’s cold in Toronto but I like where I’m living.
They resumed their cautious progress.
The back of her hand. Clear.
Outside the world was ending and snow continued to fall.
That kind of insanity’s contagious.
Stick to musicians. I think we’re generally saner.
There is too much world.
What else might this awakening world contain?
On wheels of steel and wood.
Montreal was less than two inches to the north.
Because survival is insufficient.
It is a fearful thing to love what death can touch.
Fire tests gold, and adversity tests the brave.
Everything about this was true, even.
Said, the artwork that was signed off at the end of.
Adolphe had to usher on to the next customer.
Oh, yum, my mom is the best, she surmised.
Get rich quick is usually a scam and always for suckers.
Times. She had them stand by, then took.
Should, he thought, was a disturbing word.
The table, heaved them to shower glass and petals.
She covered her hands with her face.
The ’link tree over. We did the.
Sure bet, the crowd hadn’t packed the.
It’s in them anyway.
Dirge swelled, then without warning, he turned his head.
Not at the same time—on insomnia.
She glanced down at the cat bumping his head.
Is high praise.
Gwen almost as long as I can remember. When I got.
Confrontation while lounging in bed.
Every religion should be open to questions and change.
To forging her career. She’d just landed a part in an.
Turning on her heel, Eve.
Knowing that, too, was one.
Curve of the stairs. I’m going.
From a bow, and had.
Mood out of her. He slipped.
Anything to see. I want uniforms canvassing again in the.
There. Politics is a bartering game.
Up. He’s hardly my type.
He was out of line.
When you have politics, you have corruption. Possibly.
Whatever our DNA, it’s living and being that make us.
Those rent with option deals. You can do that.
The media’s no more objective than the last ratings term.
Course, but it was more for form than from.
Comes off like she’s got the mental capacity of broccoli.
I’m not stupid. No, Eve thought, you redefine the word.
Money without honor is a disease. BALZAC.
Side, party got out of hand. Guy shot five people with a.
Dawson shoved away from his desk, stepped.
Then simply held it while shame washed.
But old habits die hard.
Bribes often worked where procedure or threats wouldn’t.
Something happen to The Fixer? Yeah, but wait.
Able to help you out with.
What’s the problem?
Matron of honor, that’s where I’d advise you.
McNab pranced in on plaid airboots.
Can you work in a stop by the Miras’ sometime today?
You gonna eat, you should eat good. From.
Red’s just dark pink when you think about it. When.
About Barber and Kelly? Banks couldn’t tell. And if he.
Tight around her while she stood at.
Gong to stay at a friend’s. Who? A girlfriend?
To you, perceptive reader, I bequeath my history.
Elizabeth Kostova’s 2005 blockbuster, The Historian.
Dracula — He paused. Dracula—Vlad Tepes—is still alive.
The Death of Boris,’ by Mussorgsky?
Seemed like jewels on a skull.
They looked more like day laborers than seamen.
Had become friends and met often.
He disliked the social obligations of the captaincy.
Constantly keep in mind that whatever has happened.
It could be done, because it had to be done.
He was a loner and intellectually intolerant.
Of mounting threat.
Hunt was the janissary of a dead vernacular.
There is no place suitable to my kind of mentality.
You had to know Putzi to really dislike him. That.
The list of appetizers included stuffed eagles’ eggs.
Don’t go to the hardware store for milk.
I’ll do the snails on cinnamon toast.
Even in a jar, that kid has outearned me.
He’d paid all his taxes, so that left … you guessed it.
You can take him, right? he asks a couple minutes later.
Churchill was in his element; work and a clear plan.
And then he looked at Damon Julian.
The passivity of the present Govt is beyond belief.
He defended himself by ridiculing others.
He believed he could spook the other side.
All mustaches annoyed Trump.
...Trump could bring Trumpism down...
He was postliterate—total television.
He thought emotionally, not strategically.
I am in a constant state of shock and horror.
Insecurity was soothed by entitlement.
Nobody now believed that firing Comey was a good idea;.
Chaos was Steve’s strategy, said Walsh.
Pushing a proffered glass of wine away—I don’t drink—.
This was the job Bannon a week later.
Just worry about who’s jerking whose chain.
Trump’s home in Beverly Hills.
He wasn’t going to win! Or losing was winning.
If I told Trump that, he might have the job.
David Halberstam’s The Best and the Brightest.
These powerful figures tried to.
There was a plot against him.
The Best and the Brightest.
Calamity of their own making.
New York, the world’s largest Jewish city.
It’s all exaggerated. My exaggerations are exaggerated.
Actions that help build trusted networks serve your cause.
Unintelligible because the print was so small.
Valley of the clueless.
On Facebook ‘the user is the product.
Six degrees of Monica Lewinsky.
Billions of things linked to one another in myriad ways.
Networks tend to be more creative than hierarchies.
There could be no planning because no one had time for it.
Extravagant generosity with other people’s money.
Those who live by the tort, die by the tort.
Edsel Ford, son of the firm’s founder Henry.
Money was commoditized labour.
And a spike in extreme meteorological events.
The unexpectedness of war.
The introduction of universal male suffrage in 1907.
There was an orgy of vandalism and looting.
The air was filled with obscure ideas.
Striving to be a master of the universe.
Some problems can only be resolved by network analysis.
The Internet is merely ‘the modern public square.
Trump won ‘Trumpland.
The Soul Brothers and Sister Lou and The Outsiders.
Blue Nile. I could see the envelope sinking, sinking…but.
Although I didn’t hear the door swing.
P.S. Be eleven.
Cecile carried on a full conversation, on and on.
Wrote to me appealing.
I’ll feed the cats and give them some food.
What sinks of iniquity these little villages can be.
Tears began to fall on the notes Frieda.
Ironies. Hubris, pride, comes before a fall. When.
Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway by Susan Jeffers.
Excitement and possibility is a first step.
Feel the fear .. and do it anyway.
... security is not having things; it’s handling things.
Our intuition is always operating for us.
We are all winners when we say.
Wallander felt on the verge of misconduct.
Growing older is like walking on thinner and thinner ice.
What we’re in is a vacuum.
Pride was dangerous and could make you vulnerable.
We all have our peculiarities, said Wallander.
Traces of a crime need to be coaxed out, not rushed.
Who has always.
You have a good father. She was taken aback.
Under it all was quagmire.
Who ever said police work was supposed to be fun?
Edwardian house in Worcester.
The abbey was vampire heaven.
The habit of loving is definitely one to be cultivated.
He did it for play money. CHAPTER.
When you cook for people, they feel cared for.
Cheney is not an idiot. He just has a character problem.
We all have neglected opportunities to deplore.
You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
Janie gave me a pen. Mrs. Tadworth gave me a doll. Matt.
Or there will be wigs on the green.
Wet the swab.
What are bashed neeps? Neeps hackit with balmagowry.
It would be the Devil to pay and no pitch hot.
Was an officer holding out his sword.
Poachers and Methodies, of course. Oh.
Newspapers, I said. I unrolled the Quindle Diary so.
But,’ I said, ‘what if the money just sits in.
Infinite sadness is not to trust an old friend.
Her to me and asked if I.
And thought of Peter and the.
Tyrants come and go, tyranny is constant.
His son had joined the sleepers.
The church; nor had he.
Why would it? He had won, and.
Blane Montague at the latter’s country manor, Fountains.
Fraction of a second, before asking.
Glanced around as she hurried across the deserted.
A photojournalist. Eventually she had come to understand.
The clock in the church tower.
Kitchen, where he buried it deep within the.
Enjoyed both places. But it’s nice.
Against his cheek he knew she was all right.
Breathed with relief and finished setting.
Anne of Green Gables Series!
Having a nose, Anne could.
Chapter 25 — Shirley Goes.
Screen. He honestly thought that Mrs.
Commissariat in her own hands, in spite of all Mary’s.
Closed behind Anne.
Allan about besetting sins last Sunday.
Gets up and testifies every night, and cheats the very.
Make a still bigger fool of himself, if he tried.
Ancient handmaiden. The door opened directly.
And twisted round the harbor shore.
What is to be thanked for this. I did.
Kingsport or feel at home there. Before.
Child to get a good home. I was a homeless.
Tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Who is Mrs. Ford? asked Una wonderingly. Oh.
Not failure but low aim is crime.
You may tire of reality, but you never tire of dreams.
Anne of Windy Poplars.
What perverted shapes thwarted love can take. Little.
Tomorrow is always a fresh day with no mistakes in it.
Riding around on Minnie’s shoulder But.
Casting wistful glances at the Woodlawns’ house Now.
Operations, room five, in twenty minutes.
Give me enough medals and I’ll win you any war.
A corruption of intentions.
Warmed by the cold sea around him.
Everyone, she says, is his own age of meaning.
She is walking around the living room naked and.
What kind of magpie keeps this notebook?
Rarely have we seen so much made over so little.
We all have our own trips and it is a nice drive.
The center was not holding.
August comes on not like a month but like an affliction.
I just can’t get that monster out of my mind.
Las Vegas seems to exist only in the eye of the beholder.
Havana vanities come to dust in Miami.
We tell ourselves stories in order to live.
In the midst of life we are in death.
And music. What would a wedding be without it?
I’d watched Samantha.
The half is greater than the whole Hesiod, ca. 700 BC.
God pays back debts without money.
Great is truth and it prevails. 3 Esdras 4.41.
Listen, life is short, even at its longest, it’s short.
You can do more with a soft voice than a big stick?
What goes around comes around.
Regrets were a waste of time.
You just had to keep going, day by day.
It’s not what happens to you but how you deal with it.
What goes around comes around. How true those words were.
Real life was not what everyone thought it was.
There are many types of love.
Tell the truth and shame the Devil, remember.
He told me it was First, by Van Cleef & Arpels.
Life is too short to work on the uninspiring. Being.
Don’t tell lies, or even exaggerate. At all. Ever. 3.
Where are we likely to encounter the most resistance? •.
Managers should be hassle absorbers, not hassle creators.
Obsession is just a variety of addiction.
It was interesting that the compys only ate fresh dung.
Young Johnson Joins the Field Trip West.
Refurbished warehouse district below London’s.
Fringe. He smiled. ‘All things.
Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
Field is two million times greater than the strength.
The spider venom was Ebola in thirty seconds.
The world changes. Ideologues and zealots don’t.
Power is neither male nor female. Katharine Graham.
But absence of proof is not proof of absence.
Reading a novel is not an exercise in censure.
In the final analysis we are our own betrayers.
Mark Nepo, one of my favorite spiritual writers.
In loving ourselves, we love the world.
I discovered that living is the original art.
We tend to make the thing in the way the way.
Falling has become far more terrifying to me than rising.
The future is a fabulous place to bury your success.
You can’t know what you don’t know.
Nobody ever kicked a dog wagging its tail.
Speed, surprise, and overwhelming violence of action.
I know what a bar is, you nonce.
Slow is smooth and smooth is fast.
But the pursuit of wealth would not inspire passion.
Money and emotion were never a good combination.
We can only do what we can live with.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
Love wasn’t hard, she thought. Losing love was.
Intuition guides us and the wise person listens.
And highlighted with bold streaks.
Short laugh. Time will tell with you and Bobby Pearlman.
His mother, in contrast, prayed in church.
The pain eased. Welcome to the club.
When would he learn humility?
Mexico—and I’m sure identifying.
There is only one life; it is therefore perfect.
Grannies to the rescue.
I can dance with life again.
Of each other. I think we’re at the end. I just feel it.
Not you. Only Fräulein Donat.
When greeted, in case the ghostly specter.
On by whatever it is he’s.
Which are plainly adapted to that end.
Everyone that is not a noble, he lamented, is a slave.
It can’t be Miss Worlock.
The ground. Even his mouth was tied so that he couldn’t.
The gospel is far greater than most of us imagine.
How Can We Know for Sure That We’ll Go to Heaven?
A mother can be only as happy as her unhappiest child.
This marriage has failed to warm her.
Without shelter, we stand in daylight.
Times than we ever have known.
She believed material desires were toxic.
Tig was a unique element with all valences open.
Bare wood of her son beneath the bark.
Shambles in her sternum.
If fight or flight is the choice, it’s way easier to fly.
Am I the only one getting shocked to smithereens here?
Mother, you had no life of your own.
Red on! Depends much. So?
Naguib Mahfouz’s Palace Walk, set in Cairo, a.
Admire the United.
Himself came along the slope to rally.
Infections and Inequalities.
Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
How could I forget you, Darryl? You called me God.
Been able to find out what the really big questions are.
Love and compassion are the only balm.
...we all have some things we are ashamed of.
I think it is time that I put the kettle on.
…the world was a vale of tears—it always had been.
We should all busy ourselves in being who we are.
Of day it was or how we were feeling, they were.
Were in need of bodywork. It had always amused.
Looked at Jock Dundas, who was.
The vet and the wound.
Love had transformed the world for me. Transformed it.
From that, there was nothing.
Her engagement? That is a long story. He laughed.
Problems have a way of solving themselves.
For those who believe.
The end of the world as they knew it.
All for owls and owls for all!
Gwynneth had gone to his forge and set.
And die, die without anyone ever knowing.
He came like he meant to drown the world.
Thrilling to the sensation of hard, teeming flesh.
Maniacs in the Fourth Dimension, by Kilgore Trout.
World War Two had certainly made everyone very tough.
War is now a form of TV entertainment.
I wonder about turtles.
There’s something about war that brings out greatness.
There is no why.
What makes you think a writer isn’t a drug salesman?
The word dying was not synonymous with useless.
Every muscle he has was as tight as a piano wire.
Trees spend all day looking up at God.
Eddie never said anything he felt that deeply.
Don’t let go too soon, but don’t hang on too long.
As if sadness were as treatable as common cold.
Ends are for yesterdays, not tomorrows.
This is how a legacy is built. One memory at a time.
Remember the memories.
But you can touch everything and be connected to nothing.
The power of language.
If I can’t see them or hear them, how can I help them?
Simplicity and surrender to the universe.
The genius of life is its variety.
But all endings are also beginnings.
Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live.
And, age is not a competitive issue.
Hear, oh Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord is One.
The teaching goes on.
And when hope is gone, time is punishment.
Knowing heaven is what heals us on earth.
Received its first phone call from heaven, Tess Rafferty.
Knowing heaven . . . is what heals us on earth.
His hair fell out, his face went gaunt as a skeleton.
Getting old, we can deal with. Being old is the problem.
Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.
Every family is a ghost story.
But a clock ticks for all of us, silently, somewhere.
Holding anger is a poison.
Are you trying to be as human as you can be?
He tolerated it until he could tolerate it no more.
Holding on to things will only break your heart.
My mother inhaled.
Ends are for yesterdays, not tomorrows. Dor.
War never stops; it only pauses.
When you come to the end, that’s where God begins.
But scenery without solace is meaningless.
Is how you stay alive.
I believe in being fully present.
The curtain has just come down on childhood.
Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.
Holding on to things will only break your heart.
Without love, we are birds with broken wings.
Without love, we are birds with broken wings.
Once you learn how to die, you learn how to survive.
Holding on things will only break your heart.
Scenery without solace is meaningless.
Wed. Kareem would find it difficult to outwit.
To be valued and esteemed is beyond the expectation.
Lethargic with hopelessness.
Born with a book in her mouth.
Where there’s bluster, thinks Luisa, there’s duplicity.
A random sequence of seemingly unrelated events.
Nothing has changed, except everything.
Nothing more costly than item that has no price.
All that way, and he never crossed the bridge.
Are you mad?’ Always a trickier question than it looks.
Our right to be here is weaker by the minute.
There ain’t no journey what don’t change you some.
Life is swimming to shore with cowboy boots on.
And she never has.
