Your silence will not protect you.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
Silence is so freaking loud
I don't think..." then you shouldn't talk, said the Hatter.
God is silent. Now if only man would shut up.
When truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie.
Silence is a source of Great Strength.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
Lying is done with words, and also with silence.
I have never heard a more eloquent silence.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie.
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence.
Silence makes idiots seem wise even for a minute.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
All I want is blackness. Blackness and silence.
The deepest feeling always shows itself in silence.
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
Surely silence can sometimes be the most eloquent reply.
May my silences become more accurate.
When you have nothing to say, say nothing.
...silence is sometimes the most costly of commodities.
Sure thing, Gumdrop.
You misinterpret everything, even the silence.
What keeps my heart awake is colorful silence.
A heart worth loving is one you understand, even in silence.
Silence, too, can be torture.
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
There was a brief silence. I think I heard snow falling.
To be an artist, you need to exist in a world of silence.
Let silence take you to the core of life.
Never say anything that doesn't improve on silence.
What we can't speak, we say in silence.
And for a price, I will pretend absolutely nothing.
Move outside the tangle of fear-thinking. Live in silence.
A day of silence can be a pilgrimage in itself.
The advantage of beating a mute is he can't tell on you.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
Poems are difficult to silence.
Somtimes silence can be the loudest thing.
The silence is so deep it hurts our ears
Hold your pen and spare your voice.
Silence is a lie that screams at the light.
a silent night. - the most eloquent poem i have ever read.
Quiet is here and all in me. ("Dress of White Silk")
What had been quiet and restful was now silent and empty.
Silence is the mother of truth.
When you believe your lie, it will curse your life forever.
The pale water which goes away along paths of silence.
It was entirely silent and I tried to breathe its peace.
…each found her greatest safety in silence…
Silence is golden but too long a silence an imitation junk
Only in the silence of our mind are we One.
In a state of pseudo-death you restore your substance.
In every sound, the hidden silence sleeps.
A moment of silence is actually a very loud moment.
There was cruelty in silence, and isolation made it worse.
Silence is a cage. These words are my keys.
Silence is a cage. These words are my wings.
The silence is not suppression; instead, it is all there is.
Silence is truly eloquent!
In the morning's early hours, quiet voices were loud.
Silence is the best reply to a fool.
a story that must be told never forgives silence
Words are debatable, but silence — invincible !
There is power in silence.
As long as there is sound, voices will remain silent.
Words can be conquered, but silence is invincible!
Much of life must go by without comment.
They will want answers. Then they'll want silence.
Become silent and listen to your inner voice!
Love is a silence that needs lips to be said.
Nothing beats the prestigious silence.
I enjoyed that awkward 3 minutes of silence.
...with kids, silence is never golden, only suspicious.
To learn to read, after all, is a descent into silence.
Silence is a weapon in war, breathing determines who wins.
Go where the silence says something good.
A dictionary of all the words we did not say.
Where is this silence coming from?
Silence is sometimes the best sign of someone's wisdom.
You are the silence between. Take pause. Listen. Listen.
Silence alone is great; all else is weakness.
Writing is also an aspiration to silence.
A fish with his mouth closed never gets caught.
We are in the era of the silent crimes against humanity.
This night the password was silence.
You find peace in the confinement of silence.
No sound is more ominous than the silence of a patient man.
Silence is looking within to find out your true nature.
To write poetry after Auschwitz is barbaric.
In silence lies safety.
I love silence and to be silent. But silence solves nothing.
Sunday's silence can only mean one thing.Monday's here!
We need silence: silence and the stars.
Silence accommodates hate.
Silence will always fall on deaf ears.
I love silence and to be silent, but silence solves nothing.
Silence may be golden but it solves nothing.
I found all my prayers answered in the silence of my heart.
it was too loud for hopeit was too silent for victory.
If you think that nobody hears your screams, try silence!
There is a silence in storm and storm in silence.
Our first family: where we learned (not) to speak.
People love her smiles, his silence haunted her forever!
His silence had already spoken a thousand words.
He had nothing else to say. His shame already spoke volumes.
The room fell silent, as his words sunk in.
Be the type of silence that screams by example.
Silence is the endless poetry of the universe.