If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.
Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.
There is a wilderness we walk alone however well-companioned
Who hears music, feels his solitudePeopled at once.
Solitude sometimes is best society.
I prefer to be left alone with my books.
fall in lovewith your solitude
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Lonely was much better than alone.
It is a joy to be hidden, and disaster not to be found.
How can you hear your soul if everyone is talking?
People left him alone. And that was all he wanted.
Jamie enjoyed solitude, but loneliness was a constant ache.
. . . clumsiness is often mated with a love of solitude.
When we learn to speak, we learn to translate.
You never walk alone. Even the devil is the lord of flies.
In solitude we realize that nothing human is alien to us.
Solitude is where one discovers one is not alone.
Thinking is a way of condemning oneself to solitude.
Sovereignty, loyalty, and solitude.
No one loves me, - no one cares for me, but you, mother.
Solitude is a catalyst for innovation
Sometimes isolation can be shared.
Solitude is the house of peace.
Tea should be taken in solitude.
But I pine in Solitude. Solitude is my undoing.
I have not a desire but a need for solitude.
And this that you call solitude is in fact a big crowd.
Your bad love of yourselves makes solitude a prison to you.
…she had no resources for solitude…
Music is what is left when everyone is not around.
... solitude can be a catalyst to innovation.
She liked to be alone; she liked to be herself
Only the strong can live alone, the strong and the selfish.
A life spent at one's desk is a life alone.
the first lesson reading teaches us is how to be alone.
Solitude is the balm for the bruised soul.
Surely solitude is the right state for the sunrise gazer.
I'm always quiet. Quiet with the storms inside me.
There is always an eternal mystery around the lonely souls!
I have always been considerably addicted to my own company.
No one ever seems to get that I need to be alone sometimes.
my books won't take me farinto this place
I’m in the mood for solitude, but for you, I’ll make room.
It is in the solitude that legends are born.
Solitude makes a writer weave magic with his magic.
No sea of solitude is so deep that it can drown us.
Solitude gives us time to master our creative instincts.
Spend time alone and often, touch base with your soul.
He celebrated his solitude with a frown.
Solitude with God is a place for pregnancy.
A time of solitude will always produce some fruits.
Whatever problem you have can be solved through solitude.
You can come into the rest of God through solitude.
Solitude helps you to see life the way it is.
Solitude always gives birth to something.
I like the sound of rain more than my voice.- Windows
Solitude is a greater treasure than money.
Solitude is a greater treasure than wealth.
Nothing could be given birth to without solitude.
Everything precious comes out of solitude.
Real intimacy is a product of solitude.
Solitude is the canvas of a thinking mind.
Be open minded to the empowering nature of being alone.
Wrong solitude vinegars the soul, right solitude oils it.
Near me nothing but distances.
The best lessons of life are learnt in silence and solitude.
She's one in a million. And that's why she's lonely.
Marriage is the ultimate solitude with minimal privacy.
To imbibe so much quiet is to become the music inside it.
Solitude was a spell that freed her.
Things hurt more when you were alone, that was all.
Being a lone wolf is sometimes better than being in a pack.
There is no greater companion like books.
Solitude is sanity.
In solitude, you listen to the sacred voice.
In solitude, you listen to sacred voice.
Aloneness exaggerates our emotions and sensitivity.
Solitude awakes the soul to spiritual realms.
In times of solitude, we are still to hear the voice of God.
Only solitude means never having to say you’re sorry.
In solitude, you will find the soul.
In solitude every fear, every longing, becomes exaggerated.
You ought to pause and enjoy the peace in the moment.
Doubt grew only in the fertile darkness of solitude
Let your need draw you closer to your Creator.
As I walk I mediate on the word of God. It comforts me.
Who says that we always have to be ready to communicate?
Imagination is the greatest solitude
Renewed mind and rejuvenate sacred-spirit.
To wonder is to recreate a sacred self.
The soul-sacred strength is calmness and confidence.
The sacredness of solitude is spiritualty
Accustomed to motion, he was forced to be still.
Overstimulated, we seek out constrained worlds.
The holiness of solitude is the gift of creativity.
I find myself in the moment of solitude.
Solitude is the spirituality of the soul.
In the moment of quietness, my strength re-energized
I sing a beautiful song quietly in my heart.
Thank God for the solitude of the Sabbath.
Live each day with ecstatic serenity
We exist in the world of books.
It's bad to be unable to stand solitude.
Imagination is sacred gift.
I live in paradise within the pages of a book.
You can't miss me, because I was never there.
Prepare for a radio, for nothing is silent like the grave