Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
Time is an illusion.
You may delay, but time will not.
The past is never dead. It's not even past.
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
One day spent with someone you love can change everything.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Time is what we want most,but what we use worst.
The future is uncertain but the end is always near.
My past is everything I failed to be.
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
I'm not much but I'm all I have.
There is more to life than simply increasing its speed.
Lost Time is never found again.
Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like.
Time spent with a cat is never wasted.
The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Punctuality is the thief of time
Inelegantly, and without my consent, time passed.
Time's the thief of memory
The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Time will explain.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
Time has no meaning,Love will endure..
Where your attention goes, your time goes
Time management is about life management.
Time heals all wounds. But not this one. Not yet.
Time is the most valuable thing that a man can spend.
Nothing endures but change.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
Time is Galleons, little brother.
We are all migrants through time.
The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.
Any time not spent on love is wasted.
The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time.
This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before.
i dont love you... like i loved you... yesterday.
The years teach much the days never know.
Love goes through all times
There are two days in my calendar: This day and that Day.
Time is a storm in which we are all lost.
There is no loss, if you cannot remember what you have lost.
By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.
Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.
But nothing warps time quite like childhood
Time is the enemy of identity
For after the Battle comes quiet.
For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity.
There was a beautiful time...
Time has a wonderful way to show us what really matters.
Every moment is the paradox of now or never.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
Never waste any time you can spend sleeping.
But life is just a party, and parties weren't meant to last.
Time is a waste of money.
Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.
In such seconds of decision entire futures are made.
Time, as it grows old, teaches all things.
But now we have time. Endless time stretches before us.
There is always time for another last minute
Time heals all wounds.
I don't need time, I need a deadline.
I hate time. It never does what you want it to.
For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.
Time is the clarity for seeing right and wrong.
The real dawah to Islam is the character of a Muslim.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Let every man be master of his time.
Youthfulness is about how you live not when you were born.
Each time is true, but the truths are not the same.
A life is not a waste of time
Is time the wheel that turns, or the track it leaves behind?
The sun burnt every day. It burnt time.
Time felt slower when we do nothing but wait.
Nobody works better under pressure. They just work faster.
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.
Time did not compose her.
When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection.
The most precious thing I have to give is my time.
Art is long, and Time is fleeting.
But that’s the trouble with moments—they end." ~Narrator
When the rare chance comes, seize itTo do the rare deed.
This world is out of date
When days seem like years and years feel like days.
Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.
Any moment called now is always full of possibles.
There is only now. And look! How rich we are in it.
Time. I would have gone somewhere to buy time.
Is it later yet?
Love is spelt T.I.M.E.
Day is just a collection of hours.
Time heals even the deepest wounds.
Time turns our lies into truths.
Time is non-renewable.
Can't bring back time. Like holding water in your hand.
Every flower blooms at a different pace.
Time is merely a feature of our memories and expectations.
Punctuality is the thief of time.
God schedules a birthday, not man.
Every second counts
Had we but world enough, and time
The future is a split second away.
If you have sixty seconds worth of distance...run!
After long enough, everyone in the world will be you enemy.
Everything started as nothing.
There is nowhere morning does not go.
I spit into the face of Time That has transfigured me.
The work of memory collapses time.
Time is a structured perception towards observable changes.
Time cures you first, and then it kills you.
Creativity is the residue of time wasted.
Perhaps time’s definition of coal is the diamond.
Time wounds all heals.
It will happen but it will take time.
Time goes on crutches till love have all his rites.
O words are poor receipts for what time hath stole away
Again time elapsed.
While people brood, time skips ahead without looking back.
The only problem is time.
Time itself is created through deeds of true kindness.
All objects exist in a moment of time.
Opportunity makes the man
It takes a long time to learn how to do something simple.
A journey is time suspended.
Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.
Shadows fell on them like predators as the light went out.
I REMEMBER WHEN ALL THIS WILL BE AGAIN.
Time erodes us all.
Listen to the time as it can heal everything.
I'm convinced that not all units of time are equal.
Nothing is immune to Time. Not even eternity.
Every day has a past. Every day has a tomorrow.
Truth in the heart of heresy
Story is metaphor for life and life is lived in time.
Sometimes waiting is the hardest thing.
Things can harden meaningfully in the moment of indecision
One sin seldom mentioned is that of killing time.
It's the right idea, but not the right time.
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.
If ever I was running, it was towards you.
Joblessness is a time for reflection
You must always be proactive
Time passes way too slow when you're waiting for the unknown
You must add value to yourself to be relevant
Without space, there is no time.
You put your time where your priority is.
Our names were made for us in another century.
Time itself made all things rare.
As for time, all men have it in abundance.
What is far is very close, and what is close is very far
Who knows the life which does not burn its own time moments?
Time is funny lately, nothing to do with clocks.
Eternity is the stopped heart of Time.
Money without time is next to meaningless.
A selfish life isn’t God’s purpose for you
Use time to create the nature of God in yourself
The way we assess time as humans determines what we become
Your daily actions should be productive
Knowing what to do with time is the key to being productive
Time is information we don't have. Time is our ignorance.
A life without concrete product is a meaningless one
Be what you must, because who you are is all of us.
Evaluate and assess your life on a daily
No human was created without a purpose
Always account for each unit of passing time
A purposeless life is a meaningless life
Once you are saved, you have to locate your own territory
The essence of life is fulfillment
Always make positive use of every second and minute
You need to live a productive life
Every unit of time that passes daily should be accounted for
Time should be reproduced and multiplied
Always spend your time adding value to your life
Create/add value to your life on a daily basis
To build yourself is to add value to your life
To lose time is to lose life
A product should be made intentionally
Life should be measured with product
Always evaluate and determine the product of your life
Don’t act based on religion; always have a purpose and focus
Life is a race against time
Your race is your diminishing life
Always be intentional and purposeful in life
Joblessness gives you control over the product of your life
Measure your life by the product and value you produce daily
To waste time is to lose life
time's precious, waste it wisely
Peter sank. "I'd give anything to see time.
Time must be converted into product
To know what to do with time is to convert a day
Time wasted can never be compensated
Time spent effectively can be compensated
Always invest your life in your calling and purpose
Life is in time; seconds, minutes and hours
A job should only be a stepping stone to being your own boss
A real dreamer must have a mutual trust with time.
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
How much time? Not as much as I had yesterday.