If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human.
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn
Trees are poems that the earth writes upon the sky.
Trees're always a relief, after people.
All our wisdom is stored in the trees.
Nothing but trees.
There are rich counsels in the trees.
Come to the woods, for here is rest.
When we plant trees, we plant the seeds of peace and hope.
You can travel everywhere, just by standing still.
thingsthat can't movelearn to see
What a joy it is to see, trees dancing in the rain!
A tree torn from its roots dies, a man begins to live.
In this existence real are the trees
Like a treeI have stood my groundNot fallen.
Only a city lost among the trees is a real city!
Trees have no elsewhere.
Outside, the trees do their witchy dance.
Sitting too long produces trees.
When the rains come, it's time to wash those plants & trees.
Leaves fall, not for the heck of it, but for the hell of it!
There is a subtle magic in the falling of old leaves.
Land forests are the coral reefs of the ocean of air.
I’m planting a tree to remind me to be open and kindhearted.
Trees are the soul collectors come to life.
The tree that stands so firm on land trembles in the water.
I'd sooner worship a tree than a man or a god.
A forest is green for a reason.
Giant gold snowflakesNow the Trees are bare
God's gift to the world are the Trees, Sun, and Mountains
If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.
A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.
A tree house, to me, is the most royal palace in the world
Trees are where Nature has simply begun
To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth.
I love the forest.
people decided that trees have no feelings
The root system supports the branches.
Every tree is known by its fruits.
Save the trees! Return to the gold standard!
Every tree bears fruit in its sacred season.
The story of the tree is written on every leaf.
Trees are what paper was, and wants to be.
I wrapped my arms around him like I was saving an oak tree.
I am at home among trees.
There’s always books. And the wind through trees.
I think that I shall never see a poem lovely as a tree.
Trees lose their leaves in blizzards like these.