No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Never, never, never give in!
All knowledge hurts.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
It is one thing to be clever and another to be wise.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts.
Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.
Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
It takes a very long time to become young.
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
Recognizing power in another does not diminish your own.
Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. 
No man is poor who has a Godly mother.
Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Lost Time is never found again.
There are no ordinary moments.
I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public.
Education is no substitute for intelligence.
My soul is in the sky.
These violent delights have violent ends.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
When you make a choice, you change the future.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.
When in doubt, choose to live.
Hate is... It's too easy. Love. Love takes courage.
I do not know everything; still many things I understand.
Wisdom is having things right in your lifeand knowing why.
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.Act II
A man without words is a man without thought.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy
So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
The happiness of the drop is to die in the river.
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true
Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.
Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!
Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
Wisdom is the reward for surviving our own stupidity.
How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Time flows away like the water in the river. 
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The nail that sticks out farthest gets hammered the hardest.
Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom.
Realize that everything connects to everything else.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
A path is made by walking on it.
Chase away sorrow by living
That woman doesn't have the sense God gave a retarded flea.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
A fool's paradise is a wise man's hell.
I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.
Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.
A wind that blows aimlessly is no good to anyone.
Imagine others complexly.
No matter what you do, someone always knew you would.
She who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
Is it so far from madness to wisdom?" - Daenerys Targaryen
The mind is a wonderful servant, but a terrible master.
There are many goals but one path - the path of compassion.
Always choose the future over the past. What do we do now?
youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.
Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.
He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
She who dares not offend cannot be honest.
If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.
She who doesn't understand history is doomed to repeat it.
Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.
Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
The more you know, the less you need.
Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
Silence does not always mark wisdom.
I only know that I know nothing
It’s never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
Being alive is sign of strength!
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.
We understand more than we know.
All our wisdom is stored in the trees.
Blíndur er bóklaus ma∂ur. Blind is a man without a book.
Only ignorance excuses stupidity
All art is but dirtying the paper delicately.
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
Wisdom ain't a virtue I ever aspired to.
Clear thinking at the wrong moment can stifle creativity.
With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
It takes a lot of rehearsing for a man to be himself.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
I've been the oldest child since before you were born
Its important to be comfortable with uncertainty.
There is no such uncertainty as a sure thing.
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.
Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.
I am so wise I had my mouth sewn shut.
Wise men profit more by fools than fools by wise men.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
The most complicated skill is to be simple.
he who will not economize will have to agonize
Age is a hell of a price to pay for wisdom
Morality is the weakness of the mind.
The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one's own follies.
To hate others is ugly.To hate yourself is uglier.
The sun always shines above the clouds.
The fates lead him who will; him who won't they drag.
What good is power when you're too wise to use it?
Old words are reborn with new faces.
A knavish speech sleeps in a fool's ear.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. 
Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
In presence of the moon nobody sees stars.
Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
No one believes a liar even when he tells the truth
Wisdom is the daughter of experience
To know you are ignorant is the beginning of wisdom.
In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
Clichés can be quite fun. That's how they got to be clichés.
What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.
We're on the same boat but in different cabin
Be first the master of yourself
The heart that gives, gathers.
Suffering teaches joy.
After all Death is a Symbol that there was Life.
Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.
Routine feeds the illusion of safety...
Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Wisdom. . .is knowing what you have to accept.
Purity of heart is what enables us to see.
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
The best way to see Faith is to shut the eye of Reason.
learn from the past live in the present plan for the future
It is easy to be wise after the event.
I observe and remain silent.
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
All knowledge meets an end at the question '...Why?
Give me the facts and I will determine my own truths.
To know when to be generous and when firm—that is wisdom.
It is because of its emptiness that the cup is useful.
Once a wolf, always a wolf.
Are we being good ancestors?
Night is certainly more novel and less profane than day.
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth. 
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
The key to wisdom is doubt!
It is the destiny of the weak to be devoured by the strong.
Words rich in meaning can be cheap in sound effects.
Do not seek water, get thirst.
All pain is the same.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
Act as if it was, and it will be.
Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
From the mouths of the innocents flows truth.
Hats have power. Hats can change you into someone else.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident.
Wisdom is justified by all her children.Luke 7:35
Dubium sapientiae initium (Doubt is the origin of wisdom).
The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
The possibility of the dream gives strength.
Bloom to the fullest along the cutting edges of life.
Teaching others, he corrected himself.