We accept the love we think we deserve.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
We love the things we love for what they are.
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
You are, and always have been, my dream.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Where there is love there is life.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
What's meant to be will always find a way.
Hearts are made to be broken.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
When love is not madness it is not love.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.
Happiness [is] only real when shared.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
Who, being loved, is poor?
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.
Peeta, how come I never know when you're having a nightmare?
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
He is half of my soul, as the poets say.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.
The soul is healed by being with children.
Sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love.
My wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness.
Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it.
For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary.
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
Love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone.
There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
There is always something left to love.
I'd learned that some things are best kept secret.
Moments, when lost, can't be found again. They're just gone.
What greater gift than the love of a cat.
I belong to my beloved, and my beloved is mine.
If a thing loves, it is infinite.
I think we ought to live happily ever after.
Love is a better master than duty.
Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense.
We are all worthy of one another.
I know you're tired but come, this is the way.
If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human.
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Heaven would never be heaven without you.
One day spent with someone you love can change everything.
It's the imperfections that make things beautiful.
To love someone means to see them as God intended them.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
Have I told you how hideous you look tonight?
Her heart was a secret garden and the walls were very high.
Love, the poet said, is woman's whole existence.
And all I loved, I loved alone.
Nothing in this world was more difficult than love.
Please Mia, he implores. Don't make me write a song.
If I could but know his heart, everything would become easy.
You’ve changed me forever. And I’ll never forget you.
I love you more than I think I should.
You were the sun, and I was crashing into you.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
There is love in holding and there is love in letting go.
Woman is sacred; the woman one loves is holy.
They do not love that do not show their love.
You’re just another story I can’t tell anymore.
My soul sees its equal in you.
Why is love intensified by absence?
How far should a person go in the name of true love?
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement.
How could I have ever been ashamed of loving Dante Quintana?
Moving on is easy. It's staying moved on that's trickier.
The love that moves the sun and the other stars.
That sounds more like a poison than a person.
When is a monster not a monster? Oh, when you love it.
But if I hadn't fallen, I wouldn't have met you.
I love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything.
Sometimes you want to say, I love you, but….
To love is to recognize yourself in another.
Amor Fati – Love Your Fate, which is in fact your life.
People should fall in love with their eyes closed.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
When people fall in love, they burst into flames.
They're in love. Fuck the war.
She's mad, but she's magic. There's no lie in her fire.
Love is the strangest, most illogical thing in the world.
I will follow you to the ends of the world.
How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive?
You're an expert at sorry and keeping the lines blurry.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return.
To love is to suffer and there can be no love otherwise.