Guy, first you must go to the Temple of Arcadia to meet Zeus.
Who are you? If you have no business here, be gone!
There is a legend about a man who could control fire by using the Staff of Fennel.
Search for the Spirit of the Forest in Peloponnesus. It holds the strongest sword.
Inside the cave there may be an invisible door.
I've heard that there is something hidden high up in the trees.
This way leads to Argolis, but with the power you have now you'd better not go there.
Go to Peloponnesus after you've gone to Attica and Argolis.
I know of a strange flask.
You could take nectar with you.
I've heard that ambrosia can be found beneath Argolis.
Ah..the oracle is speaking of a person.
The first heart is the proof of his courage.
The second heart is the power to undo the barrier.
The third heart is the start of a new ordeal.
I heard the Staff of Fennel is in Attica.
In Peloponnesus the power to jump and control fire will be necessary.
I'm the god Zeus.
Guy, I've heard your story from Aphrodite.
You can't use the power of Argus without the Sword of Hephaestos.
I'll call on the other gods to bless you with their powers.
I'm sorry I was summoned by Zeus.
I'll lend you sandals so that you can jump higher.
Welcome to the city of Eleusis.
A little further down the road is the city of Athens.
A large boulder fell and blocked the pass to Phthia.
Gaea? That's the name of the monster created from a large boulder.
The shield of Athena is endowed with the power to repel your enemies' weapons.
Because Gaea has fallen asleep, peace has again come to Eleusis.
My daughter's child was kidnapped by a monster. Please go and help her.
So you are the benefactor of this humble household.
Prometheus is the only person who knows how to use the powers of the staff.
I heard that there is a god in Phthia that makes wonderful weapons.
There may be a crystal ball somewhere that enables you to see insivible things.
My name is Keleos. Are you searching for the Nymph?
I could tell you where she is, if you prove to me that you're Guy.
The Numph has gone to the Garden of the Hesperides.
Take this key and go after her.
I know nothing mroe. The rest depends on your luck.
Welcome, Guy. I am Athena, the goddess of wisdom and war.
I'll give you a shield to protect you from the attack of monsters.
Hear the word of the gods. Don't forget it.
There is a witch somewhere who can make you a shield to protect you from fire.
Oh, you're Guy. My child was kidnapped by the vampire, Lamia.
If you can help me, I'll give you this staff.
Please accept this Staff of Fennel as a token of my gratitude.
This staff is said to have a mysterious power.
My father might know the man who knows how to use the power.
This sea will lead you to Phrygia. There, you'll find a fire breathing dragon.
Use the power of Poseidon to cross the sea.
Thank you for coming to help me!
I saw the Nymph being taken to a cavern.
A shield made of salamander skin will protect you from fire.
Prometheus was thrown into the cavern many years ago.
He can't escape. A lion is guarding the way.
There are many salamanders under the Temple of Hermes.
In the depths of the next cave there is a nest of salamanders.
Watch out, or they will steal your life.
I'm Prometheus. You didn't bring the staff?
The staff was said to be in the city of Eleusis.
I'm Prometheus. I'll show you how to draw flame from the staff.
I don't have anything else to teach you.
To wake the earth, use the ocarina.
In Argolis there are two sea shores. The one up this way leads to Crete.
Be careful. You could fall into a nest of salamanders.
Hermes is gone, summoned by Zeus. Get out of here.
I saw a flask floating in the direction of Laconia.
I'll let you have something nice in exchange for 50 olives.
Is that so? That's too bad.
What kind of audacity is this? Off with you.
Here, eat this. It'll give you strength. Ha ha ha...
What? Do you still want something?
Guy, you've found me. I was captured by Cyclops in Peloponnesus and forced back into this cave.
Here is a fragment of love and a letter from Guy. Follow Hades' servant to Laconia.
I've heard that the Minotaur of Crete uses a barrier.
Guy, I don't know how things became this bad.
I was bitten by a poisonous snake, and I've been taken to Hades in Tartarus by some awful monsters.
I entrusted my love for you to Aphrodite's servants, the Nymphs. Please accept and use it wisely.
Be careful in the forest of Thorns.
If you burn all the withered thorns, you'll be OK.
Hydra has settled deep in the marshes of the Forest of Thorns.
I heard that the Graeae of Laconia have a crystal ball with mystical powers.
Use this power to enter the caverns of Argolis.
Welcome Guy. Here, I'll give you this harp to play at the Monument of the Sun.
Pegasus will come to help you.
I've heard that Poseidon lives beneath Laconia.
The crows told me that something is hanging from the tops of those trees.
Cyclops has blocked the road to Laconia. The only way to beat him is to touch his eye with a sword.
Here is wisdom from the past. Never hit the pavement of the third pillar by the seashore.
I saw the Nymph being taken to the caverns of Argolis.
Please help the Spirit of the Forest. Hydra is bothering her.
I am the Spirit of the Forest.
Now that you've driven out Hydra, peace will return.
In return, please accept this sword.
Huh? What more do you want?
In Pithia there is a paradise called the Garden of the Hesperides.
They say that there is a golden apple there with mysterious powers.
A little while ago A strange flask washed up on shore.
The Graeae are hiding underground somewhere in that direction.
I've come from Athens. I saw the Nymph entering the house of Keleos.
You must have fire in the cave beneath the sea.
If you cross the sea over there, you'll come to Crete.
There is a maze guarded by strong Knights.
If you hear the call of the flying monster, Siren, it'll mesmerize you and rip you apart.
However, if you have a harp...
Welcome, Guy. I'm Posideon. Would you like to use the ocarina for calling my dolphins?
I don't think I can help you.
I'll let you have it for 60 olives. OK?
I don't think I can help you.
If you use it to call my dolphins, you can cross any sea.
You liar! Be gone!
If you go see Hephaestos in Phthia, he'll give you a Sword.
Take the salamander skins and go meet the witch Circe on Crete.
I'm Hephaestos. I'll give you my Sword for 70 Olives.
I don't think I can help you.
I grant you the power of Argus
There is also something useful in the Garden of the Hesperides on the other side of the water falls.
You liar! Be gone!
Eat this. It'll give you strength.
Have you come looking for the golden apple? It's being guarded by Ladon, a huge dragon.
Well, Guy. You've finally come.
The Graeae found me at Laconia, so I fled here.
Guy was taken across the sea to Crete.
Here is a letter and a fragment of love from Guy. Please hurry!
Beloved Guy. I love you so much. I'll never belong to Hades.
I know that you'll come to save me.
According to Hades servants the entrance to Tartarus lies along the sea between Crete and Argolis.
You say you want a salamander skin shield?
It's too bad you've come all this way without bringing me enough salamander skins.
I see you've gathered 20 Salamander Skins.
Good, I can make it for you in exchange of 80 olives. ha ha ha...
Please come again.
Well! Nobody has ever come to me so unprepared!
Good, I'll make it for you. But you'll have to wait... .. ..
Here, take this.
If you use the salamander shield, it can protect you from the flaming attacks of monsters.
You are Guy? I'm the god of war, Ares.
Zeus asked me to let you use this bracelet.
I'll let you have it for 80 olives.
I don't think I can help you.
You idiot! As punishment, give me those sandals!
Please come again.
Please this this bracelet.
How I longed to see you! Guy was taken away to Tartarus.
Now that you have all three fragments of love, Aphrodite can lead you to Tartarus through the power of the Miracle of Love.
You've completed your trials well, Guy.
The door to the land where Hades lives along the sea between Crete and Argolis has been opened.
Aphrodite has sent the Nymphs to Tartarus to help you.
Please rescue me before it's too late.
Left, Left, Right, Left.
Go to Tartarus? Memorize this well. You'll need it.
Here in Crete, both Master Ares and Circe are greedy.
If you need their help, you'd better start saving up olives.
After Crete, you should head towards Phrygia.
The goddess of the moon, Artemis, has a very important item.
Take this ambrosia. Rest for a while.
The god of Tartarus, Hades, has a magical hat to hide himself from sight.
However, moon rays will make his shadow visible in a river.
Welcome, Guy. I'm Artemis, the Goddess of the Moon.
Hades conceals himself using a magic hat, but if you have this moon crystal...
I'm Aphrodite's servant. This is the entrance to Tartarus.
The Temple of Hades is up ahead. I'll try to help you regain your power.
Please be careful.
Let me tell you the word of the gods.
Well Guy, You've come so far!
You can't get to the Temple of Hades without passing through the cave.
I'll give you some nectar. Try not to lose faith.
Ah, Guy I've been waiting for you.
Guy has been turned to stone by Hades.
You can transform her back. It's just a little further.
Guy, hurry up! Hades Temple is right before your eyes.
Somewhere inside this Temple, Guy has been Turned to stone.
Go back to Guy after you beat Hades.
Would you like some tasty nectar? It's only 30 olives.
Ha ha ha, I don't think you can beat Hades.
You want to know Hades weakness? Hades has none! Ha ha ha!
What? You have the moon crystal? You must be very strong.
Haven't you forgotten one very important item? You won't be able to survive without it.
Ah Guy! Why have you stepped into this room?
Those entering here are automatically returned to the entrance of the Temple.
Have some nectar and don't give up.
Oh, Guy! You've beaten Hades.
You've survived through uncountable hardships just for me.
I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
Being able to see you again is like a dream come true.
Let's return together to the peaceful village of Elis.