A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.
Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?
I cannot live without books.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.
Books may well be the only true magic.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
The world was hers for the reading.
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
A good book is an event in my life.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
My library is an archive of longings.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.
Be awesome! Be a book nut!
Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book.
Go, my book, and help destroy the world as it is.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
Literature is news that stays news.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
Take no heed of her.... She reads a lot of books.
I guess there are never enough books.
A book is a gift you can open again and again.
The love of books is among the choicest gifts of the gods.
You cannot open a book without learning something.
They're book addicts.
Thank God for books and music and things I can think about.
Of course I loved books more than people.
Rule number one: Don't fuck with librarians.
Of all things, I liked books best.
You're never alone when you're reading a book.
As always, one of her books was next to her.
My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.
All I have learned, I learned from books.
I love the smell of book ink in the morning.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
The problem with books is that they end.
Even bad books are books and therefore sacred.
There are few sights sadder than a ruined book.
No furniture is so charming as books.
Writers are the exorcists of their own demons.
I was with book, as a woman is with child.
We owe it to each other to tell stories.
Life is too short to read books that I'm not enjoying.
A book is a device to ignite the imagination.
What better place to kill time than a library?
Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
Nobody steals books but your friends.
Reading is not an end to itself, but a means to an end.
Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Books, the children of the brain.
You don't put your life into your books, you find it there.
Never put off till tomorrow the book you can read today.
If a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Never trust a man who reads only one book.
…only then did I wake out of the book.
I even love the smell of books.
What kind of life can you have in a house without books?
Experience is the best teacher.
I wanted to live among books.
Censorship is the child of fear and the father of ignorance.
I just knew there were stories I wanted to tell.
I can promise you books and conversation and all my heart.
Life is too short to waste time on books that end badly
I read the fuck out of every book I can get my hands on.
Break the spine of one of my books and I break yours.
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
Just handle the books gently and you’ll get along fine.
Leisure without books is death, and burial of a man alive.
Some like to believe it's the book that chooses the person.
Bloodthirsty little beasts. Never trust a duck.
Reading is reading - no matter what the material.
If you love books enough, books will love you back.
Each book was a world unto itself, and in it I took refuge.
What an author doesn't know could fill a book.
The library is like a candy store where everything is free.
Tis the good reader that makes the good book.
A book is as private and consensual as sex.
I have never been able to resist a book about books.
An hour spent reading is one stolen from paradise.
Lovers of print are simply confusing the plate for the food.
I plan to learn enough to read you like a book.
When we are collecting books, we are collecting happiness.
What is reading but silent conversation.
How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!
There’s nothing as cozy as a piece of candy and a book.
Reading is probably another way of being in a place.
The books are to remind us what asses and fools we are.
Books don't need batteries.
Books are for nothing but to inspire
Books are the most tolerant of friends.
Any book worth banning is a book worth reading.
Remember, the past need not become our future as well.
You can never, never have too many books
Should it matter what genre it is if the book is good?
Nothing was truly unbearable if you had something to read.
Without story books is like a person with no soul.
The flesh is sad, alas, and I have read all the books.
If books are not good company, where shall I find it?
Books are like friends to me. Words come alive on the page.
Books tell you more about their owners than the owners do.
Only the nonreader fears books.
All good books are about everything, abbreviated.
With one day's reading a man may have the key in his hands.
Being a writer is a good, good thing.
Endings to be useful must be inconclusive.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them
When I want to read a novel, I write one.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
The wise man reads both books and life itself.
Old words are reborn with new faces.
Never underestimate a bookworm
Books are lighthouses erected in the great sea of time.
We are made whole by books, as by great spaces and the stars
The public library is where place and possibility meet.
For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.
In Western Civilization, our elders are books.
Unpacking books is a revelatory activity.
Readers, censors know, are defined by the books they read.
I am a part of all I have read.
You're either reading a book or you're not.
That's what this country needs -- more books!
The dirtiest book of all is the expurgated book.
Books have souls. Or so romantics like me tend to think.
He loved books, those undemanding but faithful friends.
We become the books we read.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain
Sometimes I think books are the only friends worth having.
Imagination is what you do with your inspiration.
Woe be to him that reads but one book.
great books are the ones we need
In a library, no empty shelf remains empty for long.
He fed his spirit with the bread of books
Literature is the real life of imaginary people.
This is no book. Whoever touches this touches a man.
You can cover a great deal of country in books.
Books remember all the things you cannot contain.
What are a friend's books for if not to be borrowed?
I sort of fell.""Percy! Six hundred and thirty feet?
You can't have too much dog in a book.
How can you be nervous? Don't you see? We're in a library.
Books are both our luxuries and our daily bread.
You is getting nosier than a parker.
You can't consume much if you sit still and read books.
I thought... that we could at least talk about books.
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
Paradise will be a kind of library
I read to be alone. I read so as not to be alone.
I love books, they're in my blood.
A book is the cheapest ticket you will ever hold.
She reads a lot of books. Good things, books.
God, I don't love much but I love words.
You can't ever have my books.
The function of a book is to provide a reading experience.
The world belongs to those who read.
All novels are sequels; influence is bliss.
Life happened because I turned the pages.
If nothing else, a house is a place to keep books in.
Words and a book and a belief that the world is words...
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Books long to be read as we humans long to be loved.
The servants used to say, 'he read himself silly.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
There are worse prisons than words.
What a glut of books! Who can read them?
Books are a finer world within the world
Books are humanity in print.
Free spirits have to soar." "True Religion
Reading is a majority skill but a minority art.
The young need discipline and a full bookcase.
Home is where your books are.
Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
Take my books away, and I should be desperate!
I am a machine condemned to devour books.
In fiction, beauty was run-of-the-mill.
Even prisoners can escape if they have books.
The book's always better than the movie.
Note to self: don’t throw things at girls.
He loved books; books are cold but safe friends.
I'm an open book. But some of the pages are stuck together.
Then he got more books. He saved all the books.
I'm afraid I've degenerated into a bibliophile.
Some things can be fixed. Some things are just too broken.
Your goodness must have some edge to it -- else it is none.
With a book he was regardless of time.
Literature cannot be imposed; it must be discovered.
Who wants a library full of books you've already read?
. . . she read with undifferentiated glee . . .
It’s not easy to write a poem about a poem.
The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth.
A book is never a masterpiece: it becomes one.
A book is the only immortality
Books have long been instruments of the divinatory arts.
There's nothing so heavy as books, sir--unless it's bricks.
Do you love tragedies and everything that breaks the heart?