With mirth and laughter, let old wrinkles come.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
Every day is a gift. But some days are packaged better.
With all boldness, brace the eternity of your existence.
Celebrate life in a cheerful mood.
Birthdays are just personalized New Years.
Celebrate every day like a birthday.
Celebrate your journey of life.
They assessed my age and assigned me a birthday.
Thank you for existing.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
The holy time establish the holy-event.
Many congratulations on your birthday.
The birth of a child is divine miracle.
The birth of a child is a joy to the parent and the world.
The birth of a new born baby is a great joy.
Children are sacred beings.
The day of birth is a miraculous day.
Mary and Joseph huddle snugly together. They cradle God's son.
The only sin is the sin of being born.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Birth and death were easy. It was life that was hard.
Nothing is born into this world without labor.
He knows he will be born again, And start fresh anew.
The dream crossed twilight between birth and dying.
If birth is a manifestation of life, death is another.
Every child born into the world came to replenish the earth.
We are born every day and we die every day.
Children were born angels.
Born to discover beauty.
Everything begins small.
Your mother gave birth to a human. Don't prove her wrong.
You were born to be yourself.
All things have their birth in Love by adaptation.
A tree dies torn from its roots; a man or woman begins to live.
Hello world, goodbye womb.
It is the investment of your time that birth greatness.
Time is the only inborn wealth.
You had nothing but time to live when you were born.
Every birth, every death, reminds us how precious life is.
Many are born, many are gone.
The moment of birth is a miracle.
We are born free.
No man or woman was born empty.
You were born to live the best of being.
No solitude, no birth.
Nothing could be given birth to without solitude.
The reason you were born is for a purpose.
From the moment of your birth, you have a calling.
From beginning to end, we are all alone.
New birth, new bliss.
New birth, new blessings.
It never ends, the bruise of being
Birth is the greatest miracle.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
A child's name is their portal to the world.
We weep when we are born, not when we die!
The birth of a child is a sacred phenomenon.
I was born in a hospital. I do not want to die in one.
A day of birth is a joyful day.
Dwelling on thoughts gives birth to feelings.
Every day we are reborn.
The best way to teach a child is live an exemplary life.
Every day were reborn.
A child of God, special possession.
Children are sacred beings.
The birth of a child is supernatural spiritual event.
The birth of a child is divine miracle.
The birth of a child is a joy to the parent and the world.
The birth of a new born baby is a great joy.
If I can't have your babies, I'll damn sure deliver them!
The day of birth is a miraculous day.
We are all the fruits of pleasure's toil.
My voice is born repeatedly in the fields of uncertainty.
Agitation gives birth to creation.
Between each inhale and exhale we die and are reborn.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son.
The birth of Guy is the sunrise in the Bible.
Thou shalt call his name Guy. 
Unto you is born in the city of Flavor a Savior for all.
That's another great thing about getting older. Your life is written on your face.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
Getting older is a fact of life.
The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.
The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time.
These fragments I have shored against my ruins.
Wisdom comes with winters.
Now is the time to become a myth.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
For youth, sexual love is whim; for the aged, luxury.
Your true age is how sensual you feel.
Fear of dying is human. Fear of aging is cultural.
Your age is measured by your dreams, not by the years.
Grow old along with me, the best is yet to be.
Courage has no age.
When I grow up I want to be an old woman.
It's easy to grow old if you haven't grown up.
We look at the world once, in childhood. The rest is memory.
Growing up without growing old is a utopian ideal.
Time stops when you are in love, even as you age.
Life is so magnificent! How can I grow old?
Look, moon, I turned silver for you.
We turn not older with years, but newer every day.
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
Wow, thank you Lord for another great chance to make a difference.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
You’re never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.
I’m like a fine wine.
The older the fiddler, the sweeter the tune.
None are as old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
These fragments I have shored against my ruins.
In my dreams, I never have an age.
Old age ain't no place for sissies.
By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.
With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
Hey, even the Mona Lisa is falling apart.
Youthfulness is about how you live, not when you were born.
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
It is a bad idea to live too long. Few carry it off well.
I was not so old that I would deny my own senses.
Age is of no importance unless you’re a cheese.
The good thing about being old is not being young.
Darkness does not age; nothing is always nothing.
What can ever equal the memory of being young together?
Hell, I don't want to grow old at all. I never want to die.
Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
With age comes acumen. With experience comes insight.
I have a thing for things that last.
Getting older is not an intellectually demanding process.
As to the charge that I am a cranky old man, I plead guilty.
Acts done without faith may restore faith.
Age is no barrier. The only barrier is the mind.
Maturity comes with the experience not with the age.
Adulthood is within the mind and not in age.
I've been 21 for many years now.
Arthur wasn’t old, but he wasn’t aging very well.
Well, I'm from once upon a time before the bullet train!
Ageing is human progress in its purest form.
I’m half child, half ancient.
Age is proof of experience, not a disability.
Alive, we're ageless; dead, nothing at all.
You get to a point where even the bad time flies.
Old clocks run on courage.
The tragedy of our age is job.
No road seems very long when you're approaching its end.
The defects of our youth sustain us in old age.
How many years went by unnoticed, unembraced?
Capture your youth, while you can.
Age brings maturity, experience ripens it.
Summer softens lines that winter cruelly shows.
My age and the ages of my children are imaginary numbers.
Do you remember what I forgot?
