Happiness is part of who we are. Joy is the feeling
You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
Cries for help are frequently inaudible.
Everyone needs help. That's the human condition.
A pod in the Matrix is looking pretty good right now.
Self-reliance means looking within to find inspiration
If you cannot help, nothing can help you.
Sovereign LORD, your saving help is my shield.
Accepting help shames only the arrogant.
People are where they believe they belong
Always think for yourself and others.
Eyes are the most effective tools for silently asking help!
Family is not to who you are born, family is to who you love.
It's a parents part time job to have guilt.
Probability of helping someone with your tongue is low
Without the help from above, I am helpless.
Who would you rather look after, your money or your family?
it be no weakness to ask a friend for help.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
A wave is no less free because the current helps it along.
Help yourself by doing help others.
Please God, hold my hands!
The humble shall seek help from the heavenly Father.
Stairs to success are made of people.
To live with hope is to seek heavenly help.
Help and forget, that’s the motto for the true human.
Do not refuse to help your own relatives.
Seek thy sacred self.
If we need help, we must cry to the Most High God.
The need is what is necessary.
Be the help you seek from others.
No one can help you better than the heavenly Father.
Change is uncomfortable, but it’s helpful!
God cannot help you in your ignorance.
Solitude helps you to see life the way it is.
Helping People is Fun. Getting to a Position to help is Not.
Give to grow. Read to lead. Smile to celebrate.
Help means give me a hand.
It is better to be helpful than harmful.
Planning helps you to avoid potholes in the journey of life
Knowledge will help you to solve any problem
God gave us the church to arm us with help and strength
Less thinking, more living.
Hardship makes us to rely solely on God for help.
Only God is our reliable help and protection
The church is to help its members mature in Christ’s calling
To render help is to have the skills needed
Creativity is salve for the soul
Being anonymous on help, it's feel's awesome.
I may not want your help, but I always want you beside me.
We need you to help us figure out how you can help us.
Be the kind of grown up you needed as a child.
There is nothing you cannot turn into your favor.
Monk is helper who to help us in spiritual way.
Selling is a sacred trust between buyer and seller.
The Lord God is sacred helper
Easy does it, boys. I just need help standing, not flying.
Experience kills out ur weaknesses
What good is magic, if you can't use it to help people?
The greatest conduct is love in action.
Solutions, not problems; they're in there somewhere.
If you have no job, help is needed.
I was touched by your kind deeds.
God should always be our first thought, not our last resort.
React with how can I help you versus how can I hurt you.
We are here in this world for each other.
To carry each other’s burdens, we must care for one another.
May you find help when you need it most.
Caring is going to the ends of the world for a stranger.
Do not worry! The Almighty God knows all your need.
The Lord has heard your cries. He will help you.
Ask the Creator to direct your path.
If you find a need, reach out to help.
The greatest thing we can do is love another.
You don't have to worry. God will care for you.
Don’t be afraid. Ask questions.
The Lord is our hope. The Lord is our help.
Depression thrives in secrecy but shrinks in empathy.
No one can help us except our own thoughts.
Pray to God, pretending as God is only yours.
Help those who need it, not who want it.
Serve one another with brotherly love.
When you have passion, you don't need coffee.
Purpose of Life: Understand Who You Are, Believe In Yourself.
Life is a journey. It's up to you where you go.
Let your faith be bigger than your fear.♡ ✌︎ ☼ ❀
DR ADACHI SPELL CASTER HELP TO BRING BACK EX LOVER
Life doesn't offers charity, it offers chance.
By serving humanity, I automatically serve myself.
Failures are experiences that help you learn
I do not claim to be a healer: only God is the Healer.
Life is a journey
You can do it alone. But it's going to be so much harder.
We change the world a little each day with our kindness.
Do not be ashamed of help.
Ask us for any help you need...Let us be strong for you.
The only mistake you can make is not asking for help.
I spend a lot of time looking up.
No one has capacity to help for ever except God.