What are men to rocks and mountains?
Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.
I have not the pleasure of understanding you.
I may have lost my heart, but not my self-control. 
When I fall in love, it will be forever.
We are all fools in love
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.
Till this moment I never knew myself.
My good opinion once lost is lost forever.
If I could but know his heart, everything would become easy.
Nothing ever fatigues me, but doing what I do not like.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
What strange creatures brothers are!
The distance is nothing when one has a motive.
Run mad as often as you choose, but do not faint!
Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection.
Which of all my important nothings shall I tell you first?
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like.
Stupid men are the only ones worth knowing after all.
Better be without sense than misapply it as you do. 
Without music, life would be a blank to me.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
You must be the best judge of your own happiness.
I will be calm. I will be mistress of myself.
Time will explain.
To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect
She was stronger alone…
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
If a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Do not be in a hurry, the right man will come at last
Beware how you give your heart.
Every moment has its pleasures and its hope.
Every savage can dance.
Let us have the luxury of silence.
Is not general incivility the very essence of love?
But indeed I would rather have nothing but tea.
What a shame, for I dearly love to laugh.
If I had ever learnt, I should have been a great proficient.
to hope was to expect
How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!
[N]obody minds having what is too good for them.
I have no talent for certainty.
To love is to burn, to be on fire.
It was a delightful visit;-perfect, in being much too short.
my courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me.
I should infinitely prefer a book...
Vanity, not love, has been my folly.
Where people are really attached, poverty itself is wealth.
Those who do not complain are never pitied.
She attracted him more than he liked.
It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now. 
[I]f a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Evil to some is always good to others
The less said the better.
I would much rather have been merry than wise.
One man's style must not be the rule of another's.
Facts are such horrid things!
This is an evening of wonders, indeed!
Everything nourishes what is strong already
Sense will always have attractions for me.
It is very difficult for the prosperous to be humble.
Money is the best recipe for happiness.
I must have my share in the conversation…
Are the shades of Pemberley to be thus polluted?
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
She is loveliness itself.
My style of writing is very different from yours.
One can never have too large a party.
Nothing is more deceitful than the appearance of humility.
The worst crimes; are the crimes of the heart
All the world is good and agreeable in your eyes.
With a book he was regardless of time.
Time did not compose her.
Perfect happiness, even in memory, is not common.
…each found her greatest safety in silence…
He had an affectionate heart.  He must love somebody.
I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable.
Run mad as often as you choose, but do not faint
You want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it.
...faultless in spite of all her faults...
We do not look in great cities for our best morality.
You may ask questions which I shall not choose to answer.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!
None but a woman can teach the science of herself.
What are men compared to rocks and trees?
Time, time will heal the wound.
It was for the sake of what had been, rather than what was.
Too many cooks spoil the broth
We neither of us perform to strangers.
She wished such words unsaid with all her heart
I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love
The past, present, and future, were all equally in gloom.
My heart is, and always will be, yours.
I can always live by my pen.
Is not poetry the food of love?
But to live in ignorance on such a point was impossible.
Well, evil to some is always good to others.
I am certainly the most fortunate creature ever existed!
Our pleasures in this world are always to be paid for.
She hated herself more than she could express.
Of all horrid things, leave-taking is the worst.
I am quite enough in love. I should be sorry to be any more
I can feel no sentiment of approbation inferior to love.
We none of us expect to be in smooth water all our days.
A report of a most alarming nature reached me two days ago.
A natural sequel of an unnatural beginning.
An artist cannot do anything slovenly.
No one can withstand the charm of such a mystery.
If a book is well written, I always find it too short
Mine is a misery which nothing can do away.
If a book is well written i would find it too short.
…what must be at last had better be soon.
Oh! Who can be ever tired of Bath?
its healing powers, on a disappointed heart
I beg your pardon; one knows exactly what to think.
What is passable in youth is detestable in later age
...she was quite ready to be fallen in love with.
…Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched.
Her mind was less difficult to develop.
There seemed a gulf impassable between them.
I will not allow books to prove anything.
You have delighted us long enough.
one day in the country is exactly like another.
Indeed how can one care for those one has never seen?
You have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love you
it is a tragedy and therefore not worth reading...
Mrs. Norris hitched a breath and went on again.
Whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable.
The sooner every party breaks up, the better.
it is often nothing but our own vanity that decieves us
Deceived in Freindship and Betrayed in Love
Let those who want to be happy ... be firm
She began to curl her hair and long for balls
What a revolution in her ideas!
To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect.
From politics, it was an easy step to silence
It's a truth universally acknowledged...
If a book is well written i always find it too short
Completely and perfectly and incandescently happy...
But self, though it would intrude, could not engross her.
What is his name?
The distance is nothing, when one has a motive.
Something must and will happen to throw a hero in her way.
…she endeavoured to forget what she could not overlook…
I am worn out with civility.
With a book he was regardless of time...
None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives
How I hate the sight of an umbrella!
Oh! Miss Woodhouse, the comfort of being sometimes alone!
My good opinion once lost, is lost forever.
Men never know when things are dirty or not
I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love.
But in such cases as these a good memory is unpardonable.
I wish with all my soul his wife may plague his heart out.
Good opinion once lost, is lost forever
…for what after all is Youth and Beauty?
This was invitation enough.
Yes,yes, damn tedious waste of an evening.
It raises my spleen more than anything.
Everything nourishes what is strong already.
Run mad as often as you chuse, but do not faint.
I ask only what I want to be told.
I will be mistress of myself.
I am glad I have done being in love with him.
You have another long walk before you.
She's a great reader and takes pleasure in nothing else.
I wish nature had made such hearts as yours more common.
My courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me
I abhor every common-place phrase by which wit is intended
The promise, therefore, was given, and must be performed.
Elizabeth received them with all the forbearance of civility
Engaged to Mr. Collins! My dear Charlotte—impossible!
I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy.
There is nothing like stying at home for real comfort
A distinction to which they had been born gave no pride.
Stupid men are the only ones worth knowing, after all.
... consequence has its tax;...
The effect of education I suppose
I should indefinitely prefer a book.
I'm very fond of experimental housekeeping.
...had you behaved in a more gentleman like manner!
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like!
She looked down very decidedly upon the Hayters,
I should not mind anything at all.
It was necessary to laugh, when she would rather have cried.
Perfection should not have come quite so soon.
How ill I have written. I begin to hate myself.
General uncivility is the very essence of love.
Happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic.
my dear Sir Thomas!" interrupted Mrs. Norris,
often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us.
Elinor, I have been cruelly used; but not by Willoughby.
Almost anything is possible with time
Her spirits danced within her, as she danced in herchair.
and the more I saw, the more I found to admire.
If a book is well written,I always find it to short.
I am ill-qualified to recommend myself to strangers.
That is a compliment which gives me no pleasure.
There is no enjoyment like reading!
There is no other enjoyment like reading
Sometime the worst type of weapon in the world is love.
since they had met, and repeatedly
Exertion should always be in proportion to what is required.