Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.
Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear.
Listen up - there's no war that will end all wars.
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time.
I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning.
Chance encounters are what keep us going.
Only the dead stay seventeen forever.
Sometimes I get real lonely sleeping with you.
Everyone may be ordinary, but they're not normal.
In a sense, I'm the one who ruined me: I did it myself.
The light of morning decomposes everything.
Loneliness becomes an acid that eats away at you.
It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.
If you're young and talented, it's like you have wings.
Knowledge and ability were tools, not things to show off.
Time moves in it special way in the middle of the night.
Please remember: things are not what they seem.
I wonder what ants do on rainy days?
If you never noticed, it never happened.
Mediocrity's like a spot on a shirt—it never comes off.
Sometimes taking time is actually a shortcut.
The dead will always be dead, but we have to go on living.
Even castles in the sky can do with a fresh coat of paint.
It's my motto for life. 'Walk slowly; drink lots of water.
Was the earth put here just to nourish human loneliness?
Understanding is but the sum of misunderstandings.
We're all kind of weird and twisted and drowning.
Reality was utterly coolheaded and utterly lonely.
Nothing so consumes a person as meaningless exertion
Everything, everything seemed once-upon-a-time.
To keep on going, you have to keep up the rhythm.
But metaphors help eliminate what separates you and me.
After all this, I won't start to hate you.
I'll be happy if running and I can grow old together.
The right words always seemed to come too late.
With luck, it might even snow for us.
I don’t know what it means to live.
Pointless thinking is worse than no thinking at all.
Cell phones are so convenient that they're an inconvenience.
I'm all alone, but I'm not lonely.
An unhealthy soul requires a healthy body.
Did you ever see anyone shot by a gun without bleeding?
Will you wait for me forever?
It's like a kid standing at the window watching the rain.
You can see a person's whole life in the cancer they get.
Artists are those who can evade the verbose.
A friend to kill time is a friend sublime.
The heart apparently doesn’t stop that easily.
I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all.
I move, therefore I am.