Like a morning crow and his unwelcome song.
Or a worn-out, broken record that keeps skipping along.
Mountains of instructions you keep piling on me.
Resound like a cacophonous symphony.
But, I don't wanna hear it anymore.
No, I don't wanna hear it anymore.
Let's go.

Priests and politicians pretend they're your friend.
And police speak to you like you're children again.
Blanket statements cover you like a rug.
And they tell me maybe I'm acting a little too smug.
But I don't wanna hear it anymore.
No I don't wanna hear it anymore no more.

Every day we hear the secrets of life.
Reduced to cheap jokes, poetry, and friendly advice.
They'd rather see us all pusillanimous.
Absorbent in their chorus of correctness.
But I don't wanna hear it anymore.
Here inside this quiet room, there's direction.
Outside in the sultry noontime, reflection.
A million people scurry, they're looking for advice.
None willing to lend charity, just exercise their.

Shades of truth and partisan conventions.
Shades of truth between disparate lines.
Shades of truth interpret my intentions.
You don't know I'm alright.

Who authored the blueprints and made us captains?
Someone proclaimed creation, people listened.
While children, by the millions, are thrown into this zoo.
The so-called gift of clarity! Oh, what was God up to?

Shades of truth and lenient conventions.
Shades of truth, between disparate lines.
Shades of truth interpret my intentions.
You don't know I'm alright.

So many walk in parallel and pull their blinders tight.
So few offer apology and accept others rights.
And nothing absolutely can be cherished in the end.
But can't we all accept that it will all happen again?

Shades of truth and partisan conventions.
Shades of truth between disparate lines.
Shades of truth interpret my intentions.
You don't know I'm alright.
England seemed like such a beautiful place from afar.
Until, one day, I went and saw how miserable things really are.

All fantastic images, they only are apparent.
Propagated just by hope and desire to share it.

Beauty was the allure that brought me close to you.
Loneliness was the bond that made me stick like glue.

All fantastic images they only are apparent.
Promoted by desperate hope that things are somewhere better.

I don't have a thing against fantasy.
But to chase it down just don't make sense to me.
If your only hope is simply peace and love.
You end up discarding most of what you're made of.

All fantastic images, they only are apparent.
Propagated just by hope and desire to share it.
You have got your stranglers and prowlers in soft shoes.
Furniture makers and carpenters, too.
Bombers and commandos, all with some lost cause.
Disgruntled workers, immersed in veritás.

But stealthily, in the land of the free.
It's lurking right there, most are unaware of.

The biggest killer in American history.
The biggest killer in American history.
The biggest killer in American history.
The biggest killer in American history.
And God shed his grace on thee.

Business institutions, universities.
Both are quite the circus when the killer wants his way.
I think of Edward Teller and his moribund reprise.
Then I look to Nevada and I can't believe my eyes.
It's time for him to die!

Most cannot remember minutia learned in school.
It's not there on the blackboard, it's what they don't tell you.
We have got a problem, it starts and ends right here.
It can be defeated but you've got to face your fear.

We'll join and unite and steady our sight.
Then we'll put it right cause it's time to fight.

History doesn't make something right.
Consensus is not a fact-based exercise.
You're tied and bound to this self indulgent enterprise.
We call America.

A brush with a star, a token of love.
A name in the sand, enough is enough.
A diet of air, a face on the net.
A fish your palm, your television set.

Once you convince yourself, the universe falls into place.
You've got your ideas and your posse of friends.
You all make up rules and the fun never ends.

But still there's a problem, leaves you gasping for air.
You look for some meaning, blank smiles are all that's there.
And still water stales a soft summer breeze.
You cling to your hopes while your drop to your knees.
There's no substance.


I think this is a song we could redo in the language of every country we go to.

Fa fa fafa, fa fa fafa.
Raise your voice!

Don't be played like someone else's board game.
Don't be passed out like some desolate readout.
Don't be misled you've got alot on your head.
And nobody's gonna pay attention when you are dead.

Fa fa fafa, fa fa fafa.
Raise your voice!

It's the primary rule, you gotta wanna be fooled.
It's our daunted restraint that keeps us silent in shame.
It's our nature to be adversarial and free.
Our evolution didn't hinge on passivity.

Fa fa fafa, fa fa fafa.
Raise your voice!
We all know politicians only go.
Just halfway there.
Just halfway there.
The innocence of youth needs protection, not abuse.
But no one seems to care.
Yeah, no one seems to care.

And you sit there and watch the world go around.
From your pseudo-benevolent vantage point.
While we who've been left to pick up after you.
Try our best to make some sense for those who come next.

Now what have you done to foster the truth?
Besides just hide hide the lies?
Besides just hide hide the lies?
A selfish campaign never justifies the gain.
But the means are verified.
Yeah, the means are verified.

And you sit there and insist you are right.
From your popular psychological podium.
While those who rely and depend on you.
They wilt because you don't accept we need each other.

While sowing the seeds of Utopia.
You invoked a convenient amnesia.
You forgot how to care, you forgot how to provide.
You forgot how to work toward a meaningful life.
Our apocalypse, 1981.
Teenage vagrants looking for some fun.
A renewed promise of prosperity.
A vulgar platform for the world to see.

We were the hippy killers.
The hippy killers.
The hippy killers.
The hippy killers.

Busted refuse from broken homes.
Pocked flesh and malicious bones.
Creatures sustained by desire, heart, and soul.
Nothing to leave and nowhere to go.
Good days during horrible times.
Overused bodies, neglected minds.
Shoulder-to-shoulder, we formed as one.
The next miserable generation.

Neighbors, nobody loves you like we do.
Neighbors, your government has triumphed in finally making you a public fit for the 21st century.
Never before has a governing body shown so much concern for the economic well-being of its subjects.
Today we have insulated you from countless factions who threatens your financial viability.
Such as the poor, the idealistic foreigners still clinging to their childish notions of social welfare.
Why, you're even kept uninformed of useless propagandist journalism that reports alleged violations of human rights.
We all know they wouldn't have been punished if they hadn't been doing something wrong.
And who better to dispense such blatantly evident factoids but a self-appointed authority like myself?
Acid Rain is a thing of the past; too many possible causes, too little significance for our modern thinking public.
Besides industrial manufacturing is at an all time low anyways.
Who needs those narrow minded laborers?
Too many mouths to feed and to many burden on the pay roll.
Who needs 'em here in the land of the free-time?
Some other ass backward country will give us what we need by exploiting its uneducated children anyway.
The Internet has expanded our ability to pacify average Americans better than ever by offering fantastical adventures to every corner of the imagination.
Your home office is the window to your world and the heart of your social life.
Such reclusive behavior helps clear the roads and public works from overburden.
Like the lower middle-class and others who depend shamelessly on their government.
Today you are freer than ever to do what you want, provided you can pay for it.
Remember, the first word in USA is US.
We have arrived neighbors, we are the privileged elite!
Since the start of the 17th century.
There's been the scent of unseasoned wood burning in the air.
And the conquest of nature meant nothing at all.
While we betray exception, we take all that is there.

But motives are translucent in the reflection of shame.
The actions ghostly remnants of our ancestral ways.
And unwittingly, you just take your place in this parade.
The voracious march of godliness makes us all the same anyway.

Since the dawn of our human family.
There's been concentrated sepsis blowing in the breeze.
And we turned on each other with ferocity.
Desperation, forced, without reprieve.

But the missions were misguided and the trammeled led astray.
The air resounds with thunder as the victors seized the day.
And the haunting voice of history lives ignored but not betrayed.
The voracious march of godliness will get us close to heaven one day.
Look around the country, an abundance you'll find of.
Mediocre minds.
Sift trough the fodder as the sane justice declines because of.
Mediocre minds.
Shrouded under cover, the most flamboyant guise hides a.
Mediocre mind.
You got yours but you can never bend mine with your.
Mediocre minds.

When they cry foul you had better watch out.
Because you never know which aptitude they're griping about.
Don't act too smart for their stenoscopic ways.
You'll be discarded away.

Reason's not to be what the privileged define with their.
Mediocre minds.
So many sighted people act so helplessly blind from their.
Mediocre minds.

If you want attention then you will be asked to bend.
But the surest insurrection is enlightenment.
Then you can live outside inharmoniously without friends.
An enemy.

They wanna keep me locked away.
'Cause I've an overactive brain.

Leaders, presidents and the nightly news guys cater to.
Mediocre minds.
Reasons not to be what the privileged define with their.
Mediocre minds.
You got yours but you can never bend mine with your.
Mediocre minds.
The only natural thing that I despise are the.
Mediocre minds.
What will prove to be our big mistake?
Short-sighted arrogance, all for what sake?
Our families to ashes, our ambitions to dust.
Our progeny, in silence, thinking "what about us?".

But don't forget the dance of neglect.

The march for empowering prosperity.
The pain from loss and want for mere lucidity.
Just maternal residue, and I was there, too.
And maybe, so were you.

When something is won, it comes with sacrifice.
It's there beneath the joy, the glory, and pride.
Rarely it's acknowledged, but in positive light.
Consciously omitting the losers plight.
The craving for community that never was met.
The longing for status and overture of regret.
With no one to deter, pathetically unsure.
Forgetting who they were.
A mutinous enemy carved a nascent country.
Sweat, blood, and valor forms the grit of our history.
Bequeathed to everyone: chance and free expression.
Substance was restrained and the spirit was broken.

I feel a strange denial.
Rhythmic as a change, constant as time.
Lonely Insistent whispers.
Somber as a wave bye-bye.

Searching for solution, without constitution.
Blackcoats by our sides promising salvation.
Advocating dogma as tickets to hereafter.
Mortals in their prime with their desperate hands in the air.

Daunting, complex and burning.
Rhythmic as change, constant as time.
Conflicts, craving approval.
Weighted as a murder trial.
Oh, I feel a strange denial.

Correct is consensus; everything else, nonsense.
Forward is the hope , forget recompense.
Peace and tranquility is only for the wealthy.
Dearth for the masses and inequality.

I feel a strange denial.
Rhythmic as a change, constant as time.
Lonely, insistent whispers.
Dissipating in the night.
Like a lone, forgotten light.

And no one is helping me.
It's a strange denial.
What you do is what you are.
And wishing upon distant stars.
Won't improve the hole you're in.
And won't absolve your deepest sin.

But action is no gift from some covert and lofty god.
It's dependent and weighty all the same.
And it's oh so easy just to keep to yourself.
But then you're at the mercy of imbeciles.

Now I didn't make up the rules.
But clearly we are led by fools.
It is wise to know their ways.
So you know how not to behave.

But sometimes we find ourselves in desperate need.
And we look to those with privilege and power.
It's then we learn compassion sits inert upon their shelves.
We're at the mercy of imbeciles.

No action is no gift from some masked spirit in the sky.
It's reducible to flesh, mind, and bone.
And it is oh so easy just to keep to yourself.
But then you're at the mercy of imbeciles.
Imbeciles.
Imbeciles.
Imbeciles!
You want prosperity for yourself, but not for me.
Somehow you just can't see we're in this collectively.
You think that freedom is a drastic severance.
From your past relations, just a quest for new bargains.

We're not the same person.
We're not the same person.
Don't even wanna know.
Wooohhh.

Don't need no good advice, nor shoddy merchandise.
I'm the suspect device, beaten down, unable to strike.
And the sun comes over us again.
We lament, we pine, and we rescind.
And we ask for understanding.
But aren't we the stingy ones, indeed.
When it's asked of us in the end?

We watch the days go by, compete and then we die.
So few ever ask why, but so many just abuse the design.

I can see the shadows on the wall.
Drifting as the leaves start to fall.
Unfazed by rugosity, the objects yield to gravity.
And depict the destiny of us all.

No one really knows why we die.
No one gets a break, so we try.
Ignoring mortality, we worship mediocrity.
And wait to see what happens up on high.

In so many ways, we live to follow the sun.
In so many ways, we exalt and fail as one.
In so many ways, we want so bad to be done.
In so many ways, we show our pain in unison.

Something in you's busy counting days.
Catapulting you trough the haze.
Blind to virtuosity, ignorant of your sanctity.
Revealing you in so many ways.

In so many ways, we live to follow the sun.
In so many ways, we tend to rise and fall as one.
In so many ways, we want so bad to be done.
In so many ways, we show our pain in unison.
